When I was eating some Chicken Tikka Masala, I went into a hippity hoppitus match which cost me 500 rupees. I had lost connection for 2-3 times during that match. Then it had said sir, "Your hippity hoppitus internet sucks, change your provider!" So I lost the darn hip hop hopitty match because of Spark.Other stuff is okay like Beef Madras, but not as good as Rogan Josh.10/10=1Would not recommend if you have bad internet connection.
Early Access ReviewEDIT: thumbs down for nerfing gauntlet, still better than hearthstone though________________Nice game. Lots of fun modes to play.It's a million times easier to obtain cards and legendaries compared to HeartStone which many people still seem to promote out of sheer ignorance.However, just like Hearthstone this game suffers from the eternal rope issue, you luckily don't watch a rope in this game, but the turns need to be made shorter to entice thinking.
Keeps on giving me an error while downloading the files in game. 2 hours trying to download the game files! Read the real reviews about the game, not the "funny reviews". Don't waste your time or money on this game.
Access ReviewThe game is good and bugfree and i would really recommend it... but the reason i am not is the privacy policy. My god, they collect EVERYTHING. Web searches, Pc stats, what antivirus you use, plugins of your web browser and what not. It is really scary...
ITS A BUG GAME!!!! ONLY CRASHES YOU CANT PLAY ITS VERY SIMPLE  YOU DONT PLAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DONT PLAY THIS GAME PLEASE DONT PUT YOUR TIME ON YOUR♥♥♥♥♥WITH THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!! HORRIBLE ONLY BUGS
Free to play at first then they make u spend money you will never get a good gear with out spending money ,,,and after u finaly get a "better" gear they come with new mod and the gear is useless ! Plus there are alot of donators and you will never be able to enjoy the game ! very dissapointed
This game is the ANTI-STEAM. It represent all the opposite values of valve and steam.The Free To Play mode is actualy a DEMO.Buy a temporary, temporary wtf?,  license to play the "full" game and to be able to hunt all animals.You killed an animal with "a wrong weapon" the game will try to make you feel as an idiot. "Shame on you, no score, you suck, disqualified".Trying to make you to buy a weapon. And after buying a weapon you have to buy ammo for them.Will add this developer to my blacklist.
Good game from what I was able to play... Once I got into the Protector's Enclave (spot in game) it crashed. The first time I was like, "hmmm okay that's cool I guess". Now, several attempts and crashes later, I just cannot deal with it no longer. I just do not understand how this game could crash my video driver, but whatever it is deleted now.
Declining player numbers caused management to try to make this game newbe friendly. So if you want to casualy pop some heads, go right ahead.But dont expect too much depth anymore. The balancing trend goes away from high risk high reward, to more low risk ( = survivability) low reward, with the exception of some very cheesy stuff.Their new strategy didnt help with playernumbers though (very steady and very slow decline), and newbes still get farmed by the veterans as they did before they took the depth away. Free to play though, so no harm in trying.
Early Access ReviewIt is fun, has good mechanics. Doesn't present new things, doesn't abuse the online element like Hearthstone does (ex. Bomber, Nosdormu and all the other weird cards). It's pretty old school to be honest, too old school. Don't get me wrong I like MTG, but this game lacks a lot because of this power/energy system. Sometimes in draft I get 5 cards that I can draw lands with, but they don't appear and if they do appear I have the wrong type of land. Most of my games were decided from the first draw, which makes it so not fun for me. For a skill-accented game it is pretty luck based with this weak starts. Still it has cool stuff and I prefer playing against AI, cuz it ain't taking ages .... But I just don't reccommend it.
i really wish they made this with the usual 5 rows of cards. playing with only 3 rows made the game dull, a lot of strategy can't be done with these little slots.3/10 could've been the perfect yu-gi-oh game
Early Access ReviewI got this game solely for my brother. The training course gives you the OP guns but when you get the class, you equip  BB guns. The next issue I have is that, this is WWII based and yet we are battling the USSR. Get your facts right. We did hate the commies but they were our Ally in this war. The new update has made it impossible for U.S. to win due to the spamming of tanks that are almost impenetrable.Conclusion: This game is still in beta and shows alot of promise. If they fix the game mechanincs and balanced the classes and vehicles, this may just may be agood game.  Until then I ask those who care about historical battles to wait until the creators of the game fix these issues
I would have recommended this game 2 years ago. Now there are about 80 % less players than what it was. And it takes ages to find a match and if you do your ping is probably really bad. Aswell as that the Germans are op. Sadly this is the end of this beloved game.
I recently decided to give this game a shot, having not played an MMO since Guild Wars 2 shortly after its launch I wasn't going in with incredible expectations. I had heard quite a few complaints about Pay-2-Win trappings as well as balance issues within the game but was willing to go in with an open mind.The character creation was puzzling to say the least, I in part already knew I'd be rolling dice to create a character, but the question is why make the player sit there and reroll dice over and over to get their desired stat rolls when you could just let them choose instead? Rolling for stats makes sense in a in person Pen-N-Paper scenario where you get one shot at them. Otherwise there is absolutely no purpose except to waste the players time or to negatively impact new players who don't understand the mechanics.Then came the intro cinematic, it was jarring to say the least, I understand not every game gives you context in it's beginning cinematic, but this one goes out of its way to avoid any context whatsoever. On top of that the motions (and emotions) of the characters in the cinematic are jarring. I would say this isn't due to poor animation (the animation at the very least seems adequate) but instead seems to be due to a complete misunderstanding of how humanoid creatures interact with the World. Yes, it somehow looks that akward.I was willling to push through despite the previous reservations I had due to friends and reviewers alike giving it negative feedback as well as the poor first impression I had already received from just the intro cinematic and character creation, but then, upon entering the game World I was bombarded with "Admin notifications" that flooded both my chat log and also popped up on the very middle of my character screen. What were these messages you may ask? They surely must be important for them to be so jarring as to completely remove me from experiencing the game and trying to gather my bearings, right? No, in fact, they weren't. They were messages spammed to me by the "Admin" about people opening locked boxes/chests and receiving "rare" items. These messages are not only on by default, but they cannot be turned off or disabled in any shape or form. Both the jarring text that pops up and completely breaks all immersion as well as the spam in your chat log. You can't even make a separate chat log for just specific forms of chat (Guild, Party, etc) that won't be spammed by this as it is on permanently in all chat logs you create.That's pretty bad, right? But they have to make a buck, right? Well, certainly, Okay, so then, if I spend money on some sort of subscription, open a few boxes or buy some sort of premium one time membership then you can disable these messages, right? No, you still can't. This, my friends, is how you do free to play wrong, the Pay-2-Win is strong enough in the game already, but then for them to shove unremovable messages all over your screen that are there whether you support them or not? This prompted me to immediately close the game and uninstall every shred of it I could find on my system. I wasted two hours downloading the game, registering an account and patching it, but hopefully I saved someone else some time and frustration. If you value immersion, fair F2P games, intuitive character creation and story I can tell you from the very brief time I spent with the game you will get none or very shoddy versions of all of these. For context, I didn't get into a single battle before I ended up uninstalling the game, but I had over 20 messages about "Player XXX getting the Everlasting Hydra Mount of Smiting" flood my screen in that time.
Designed to make you hate life and everyone else. This game and others like it are a psychological hell and you'd do your health and your ambitions a favour if you uninstalled this as quickly as possible. You're better off playing with your testicles.
Allow me to start this review by saying that the game in it's basic,free to play version is a decent one to say the least,with a pretty nice community and enjoyable gameplay.Why then am I not recommening this game?It is common knowledge that these types of games are leaning more and more towards P2W,but while other games might actually care about you if you spend money,not this one.Not if use your Steam Wallet to buy the products at any rate.I used my Steam Wallet to buy some currency called Zen,hoping to sell it in game for quick Astral Diamonds,which is basically the common currency.Not only was I not rewarded the First Time buyer's pack,which is reserved for people who buy directly from Arc,my account was put on Probation: meaning anything I buy is bound to my account and I am unable to sell Zen.You would think a day or two while they verify the payment would be understandable,but it has been a week and a half and I am still on probation.I thought fine,lets try something else,so I bought Enchanted Keys which let you open Lockboxes,hoping to find a decent item to sell in the Auction House.The keys were also bound but what they fail to mention is EVEN THE REWARDS IN THE LOCKBOXES WILL BE BOUND.So for example if you found a mount selling for around 6million Astral Diamonds which you do not like or already have you're stuck with it.I can almost hear people say "Dum*a// of course the rewards will be bound,your key was also bound" but you are wrong,VIP players (and yes I am one) get an Enchanted Key everyday which is also bound,however the rewards opened with it are not.So to recap,I do recommend this game in the Free to Play mode,possibly get VIP,but do not bother using more money to be treated like a third grade citizen.
Early Access ReviewDon't even bother with this♥♥♥♥♥♥ buggy as ♥♥♥♥, no balance in weapons, takes 100 hours to unlock anything good and for some reason since last update guns will sometimes cease to function when pointed at an enemy (yes I'm serious). Interesting idea but horribly executed.
Early Access ReviewThis game is toxic, laggy, and the weapons are unbalanced, the guns that should be powerful are not, the ones that shouldnt be are, dont waste your time, just get csgo
While I greatly enjoy playing the game, I can't recommend the game for anyone who either has an addicting personality or doesn't have the funds to regularly drop a couple 100$ on the game. Yes, while you do get the ocassional free gem, it's nowhere near enough to sustain being Free To Play. The meta changes rapidly and if you want to keep up, you're gonne either have to open up your wallet, or prepare to be destroyed in PvP matches vs Players that have decided to spend the money. The gameplay is great, and the Skills are a fun twist to the game. But Sadly this is yet another game that was done in by Konami's seemingly endless greed.
Early Access ReviewIt's so close to being great.But it's not.I recently picked up Eternal because I have been frustrated with the currently broken Shadowverse meta, and lack of interest in Hearthstone. I could tell right off the bat in the tutorial missions that mana would be a huge frustration. And I was right.There is a reason the most popular card games on the planet don't use mana cards. Mana cards suck. They suck alot.Game after game you will either be begging to draw more mana, or begging to stop drawing so much mana. You will be frustrated almost every single game, and it marrs the entire experience. The cards are awesome and the game has a fantastic overall design, and it's almost utterly ruined by mana cards.It's an outdated and terrible mechanic. If they switched to a resource generation system the game would be a thousand times better. As it stands I can't in good conscious recommend this game to anyone.
Early Access ReviewIf you come from Magic and you have no problem with its mana system, you will probably like this game. If you come from Hearthstone, you will be delighted to see no randomness in card mechanics. If you can deal with luck of the draw and some unwinnable games, enjoy! But if you want to be in full control of your game every match, this game is not for you.If you are running from Hearthstone or you want something that is closer to Magic without paying hundreds in Magic Arena, this game may be for you. No randomness in the mechanics of cards! It is a much deeper game than Hearthstone for example, though that is a low bar to clear. It showers you with free cards and entire decks! But power is still tied to rarity, so when you enter draft-mode, make sure to just get the rarest cards.But you will be able to make a very large variety of decks after playing the campaign and doing a few quests and dailies. The grind is definitely more rewarding than most F2P games as well. But in terms of design, it suffers from the exact same falws as Magic. If you do not draw the right cards at the right time it is over. Many people in casual AND Ranked will quit on you after the third round or so because they did not get what they needed at the beginning of the game. And honestly, I understand why. Much like Hearthstone, you can end up with an incredibly overpowered board that your entire deck may not have a single answer to. And those games are painful. I have stopped enjoying my victories as well because all I can think of is "Poor guy, looks like he didn't draw anything useful, I've been there." Half of your games will be that exact experience. Either you got the cards you needed or you didn't. Your hand may be full of creatures you do not have the energy to summon, or it is full of energy without creatures to play. This game is still in Early Access and it shows. The UI literally hides important information from you because it currently CANNOT display more than one symbol at the top of cards. Confused why that creature insta-killed yours? Look closer, the game just didn't tell you that this creature has that ability because it was overwritten in the UI by another ability. The game certainly has balance problems as well. As you play against more experienced players, you may encounter cards that you read 5 times before realising that the card is working as intended and your opponent just brought back his two most powerful creatures as well as his two most powerful buffs with a single card that hardly scratched his manapool.  
I remember when my friend told me to play this gameI said "But it looks so boring..."he said "Come on dude give it a shot."So I did...2 hours later...I said "I'm bored, lets play something else..."He said "Come on dude lets level up a bit more..."16 hours laterI said "You know what dude."he said "What?"I said "This game is nothing but a pointless ♥♥♥♥ing grind fest, we've gotten no where in the past 16 hours."He said "come on the grind isn't that big, besides you only need to pay a bit of money to have fun."I said "Thats called pay to win, and im not putting up with that♥♥♥♥♥♥"He said "No its not, if its just a few-"I interupted "No, that is pay to win, its when to have fun or to have a chance at even winning at the game you need to pay up."He said "Fine then just go play something else" I said "Your time not mine"We havent talked much ever sincethanks alot trove
Great game, but ever since the 1.59 update I haven't been able to play. It will say "checking files, please wait..." for about 5 minutes. Once that's done, it'll say "Downloading files, 0. Est. infinity" and it'll crash soon after. I checked the activity monitor and it takes up about a 210% CPU load before crashing. I've sent multiple reports for two weeks and nothing has changed. PLEASE fix and I'll rate much higher. (I'm on mac)
Early Access ReviewIs basically a poor man's MtG, is REALLY alike, a little bit simpler but that's it.This game have pretty much the same pro and cons that magic does.Pros: pretty fun, good game play, good amount of diferent decks in the meta.Cons: Mana curve can be really upseting if u came from Hearthstone, and in the Eternal Case is worse than MtG cuz they had a not really good idea of using a 75 cards deck and more cards means less reliability...There's the point that is a really F2P game, in a very small time i could get a competitive deck and got to the top rank, but MtG can also be seeing as an investment since u can actually win some money playing, that isnt the case of Eternal. 
I downloaded this game with the hope that it would be a decent play.  After dicking about registering with far too much information, I managed to navigate the horrific menu and get into game.  I was then greeted with a lovely CTD, no problem, I'll check my drivers and try again. After several attempts and a bit of research I tried running in windowed mode, which worked! I finally get in game and then the real disappointment set in, the handling is terrible, the physics (what physics) are broken and it just doesn't feel right; you shouldn't have to pretty much switch the enging off to negotiate a slight bend in the road.  Even using a controller, it appears that the controls are pretty much off or flat out, which brings me to my next point.  This game just isn't optimised for controller use, seriously, controlling a cursor with a stick just shouldnt' even be considered by any devs any more.  Other people seem to be complaining about the content.  I haven't had the patience to fully explore it yet, although I will keep it installed and give it another chance on another day.
Early Access ReviewNot Recomended1. u need que 1h+ for entering server with 1000+ player que up2. u can't create faction u need because its full3. lot of bug in game (looting problem, talk to npc problem, quest problem, translation problem [some mob speak korean])4. some people got bless game crashed when opening discord (including me)5. i doesn't recieved DLC item (i tried to contact support no response)6. 14h playtime mostly 6-7h is que for login7. u need LUMENA (cash shop currency) to enter lvl 31 dungeon (RIP no cash Player)8. auto path drunk, make u walk longest path u can do9. wyvern  can't connect to some location (need specific wyvern to go to there and u need to fly far away)if u looking for fun, friendly, and good MMO, Bless not the answeri bought with DLC and i regret it...requesting refund now hope they refund me...
Another instance of Trion moneygrubbing the community. When this came to steam, I got as many friends as I could to play(Not because I tried it yet, but because the concept was enticing). We grinded up to max by doing as much as we could, got a few of the other classes, and all around was just having a good time. We stopped playing and a few months ago (when dragons came out), I gave the game a look and found that I could simply buy a dragon and not have to do the -extensive- grinding. I quit after wasting much time attempting to grind the mats.Then, recently, I looked over the game again; having in the past known it was good, and hoping more that the developers fixed the grind-to-pay ratio. I learned, sadly, it just got worse. I once did recommend this game, but as Trion goes, their games don't last long. It sucks, this almost made it to the front page on 'Most Popular'.
Fun for a bit, but as with all free-to-play games you can't compete with the pay-to-win crowd. If you're going to play don't get sucked in, play a the story and a few rounds in the arena and then uninstall.
Early Access ReviewI had such high hopes for this game... but these developers are utterly incompetent, greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that don't care about your gaming experience. I don't think I've ever witnessed them fix anything in this game, rather any issue persists as long as it takes for them to completely replace it with something else usually worse. Really, I've tried, I can't think of any. The building aspect was amazing when I started playing about two years ago, it actually mattered where you put your blocks and how well you protected your pilot seat, the ability to actually engineer a robot is now virtually non-existent without any kind of pilot seat/control module. Gameplay used to be a competitive and rewarding teamplay experience, now that you get auto-heals and auto-lock missiles, there's no incentive for anyone to protect, heal, or support anyone else. They've nerfed any competetive aspect over and over to the point where pretty much whoever arrives or fires first will probably win. If you're down a teammate, which happens a looot as there is no way to reconnect to a match, you pretty much have no control over how screwed you are.It'd make your head hurt trying to understand all the ways they've accidentally succeeded in disallowing me to play with my brothers, alienating their users, and going against their own core concepts. I really don't know how to condense the book that I can write about all the good and bad in this game, but as the good seems to be gone and the bad is now worse, I'll just highlight a couple things that have either amused or ticked me off over the years:There was a "rectifier" that would pulse energy to flip you over if you ended up on your back, it was pretty cool this was taken away and we were given a 10 second auto-flip that lifts you up into the air and surrounds you in a swirly light that's like a billboard for the enemy team. Instead of knowing my own robot for how I built it and using my rectifiers as a tool, I now avoid ending up on my back only because of this new punishment they've forced on all of us or just let it go as a death if I do. This was maybe one of my favorite items in game, but I'm sure simple players were complaining about them being shot off (duh, protect them) or not working correcly after your robot is half destroyed (duh, place them better). This is a prime example of how they cater to the lowest common denomination of lazy, unskilled players, and then needlessly take from the rest of us to keep things in line with their idea of fair.At one point, they implemented multiple servers to be able to handle more users, but rather than letting each one handle users as it filled up, they simply divided up all the players equally amongst the servers. Guess what? Each server was starved for users and queue times instantly went up from only a few seconds to regularly over a half hour to an hour just to play a single match. This persisted for the better part of a year, meanwhile they seemed entirely clueless or unwilling to fix what they caused while regurgitating over and over that they just needed more players. ...Then, as it was finally getting better, they did it again! It just goes to show, whether they understood their mistake or not, they don't care what you have to go through. Seriously, from just a couple of seconds (it was incredible) to over 30 minutes on average, for over a year and they did nothing.There is this beep that lets you know when a platoon member is ready to battle, it seemed to work until after a patch, then once the beep started it didn't stop. It was useful at first, but then just frustrating, and they never fixed it...Each garage got a "X2" bonus for the first win of the day, they moved the "X2" to the garage icon and to the outer edge of the garage floor, but it also never went away. It was useful at first, but then just frustrating, and they never fixed it...Yet more issues that persisted for a year or so before just being removed entirely. Yep, that's right, no X2 bonus anymore because linking a graphic to a script was waaay to big of a job for them to handle (and wouldn't directly make them any money).This game has made me want to swear off early access games, but given that Freejam expects you will pay $20-$40 for one crappy robot and then shows no concern for any issues you might have, I really think it's just the people working on it that are the problem. I can't be mad at Robocraft, it used to be amazing, but the developers have ruined it to a point that I find unplayable. I'm more sad for the game, like when you see a smart kid unable to shine under an obliviously ignorant parent. Their vision seems to have gone from building an awesome game that nobody else hase, to blatantly copying other games in the hopes it will magically make them money. I mean, loot crates? Seriously? It might not be so bad if they hadn't also at the same time taken away the in-game currency that I paid for, but it's still pretty bad because I have no need for anything the crates give me. Screw you jerks, I want my money back!Oh, and megabots, I'm so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ You have no idea how many hours I've spent building my mega, and now they're just gone. I'm really looking forward to hearing your reason for this one, Freejam, because all the problems you remove rather than fix always seem to be your own fault in the first place. These guys obviously can't manage their own code, but I'm pretty confident that they can't write it either and that they are paying someone else to do it. So we pay them, to pay themselves, to pay someone else to do their work, and that someone else for sure cares less about us players than Freejam does. To be completely fair, every time they take something away from me (pretty much every patch), I try to look at it like a whole new game. So then the game isn't as great as it was, but is still a pretty good game in itself at that point, then it's just good, then just okay, then disappointing, then more disappointing, now it's just bad.
Early Access ReviewWhen Neowiz invited emissaries to check the game out at their HQ they gave them mid level characters to try out and it was stated by Arctix, if not one of the other emissaries, that they didn't want to spoil content for players by showcasing level 45 content. These same people have commended Neowiz for their transparency and now act as though the community hasn't been mislead. The content was assumed to be there and Neowiz purposely left it out of its showcase knowing that it wasn't. You can't commend a company for its openness and excuse them for not stating that content will be missing, to be rolled out at a later date, that they held off from saying such proves their unreliability.Further still, the only real change to NA version is the combat system which. True action combat is missing (and by that I mean Tera or even BnS style type targeting), item duping is a known issue on every other region and surprise - it's on NA too. You can say this'll be fixed, but the only way to remove such items now would be a wipe, and since that's not happening the economy is already screwed and it's only day 2. There was a 6 page summary on how to do it, so for those saying it's not wide spread, it really is.I'm more disappointed with the communities divisiveness, people attacking others for stating facts, because neutrality only exists in the absence of objectivity to some people.Just because this is a early access doesn't excuse all of the flaws the game has when they've had 6-7 years to perfect the game. It's a cash grab of the worst kind, they couldn't even deliver a game to then turn it into P2W after a few months like other Korean MMOs we've had Westernised. I'm not sure what mode of lie I prefer more.If you're shaking your head at all of this, just take a loot at Steam handing out refunds to people with 20+ playtime that have redeemed their in game founder items. This game is a flop.
i played Elsword before there even was Elesis, i quit when it got repetive. while i desided to try it again, having heard that alot of changes had been made.. well that didn't last long, i started a Eve character and about lv15 when i got my 5th skill i tried puting the skill on the upper hotbar... (whitch was new with the new skill tree) you get 2 rows of hot bars for 8 total.. the upper 4 you have to buy with real money... i can deal with paying for short cuts, but down right gating players to half their hotbar for playing for free is just rude.. checking Forums about this and it amazes me how people defend games that do this saying "they have to make money somehow" there are dozens of MMOs that make money but do it in a less rude way. LoL & Smite (i'll note in the top 5 of biggest money makers of 2015 F2P games) do it by giving curency boosts & Fluff (things that look neat but do nothing more). we need games to do less of this "if you don't pay, you can't have this" and more "you could go a bit faster, if you spend"....
It has interesting moments, and does indeed start turning creepier every time, but it gets really annoying, and it makes you go through the same rooms over and over, which gets quite boring. It will maybe be good to scare your little brother or something like that.
Access ReviewI knew this game was gonna suck but jesus christ. I'm a bit nostalgic about playing the original flash Adventure Quest back when I was like 10 and I guess I should have just left this "series," if you can even call it, in the past as a distant fond memory, distorted by the nostalgia goggles of a 10 year old me that had never actually played many video games (aside from Ape Escape, which actually holds up way better) at that point in my life. About 10 minutes in I had to stop because there is nothing to be found in this game but poorly wasted time. Waste your time on something else. A single looping track that can fit into any fantasy "rpg" with the embarassing budget of a public school arts program just repeats again and again. It's painful. I can't fathom anyone spending real world money on the loot boxes and micro transactions (yes! it's one of those games! It's okay to go vomit!)
Early Access ReviewWaste of Money! Game's PvE is good but that thats about it. The gamebugs out reguraly. I tried to change the video setting and the game kept flashing in and out. This forced me to restart my computer. Once I got back the game would not load past the launcher. Tried to changed the settings to fix in the launcher but it did nothing. The translation is awful. Which causes the games missions and quests to not fuction properly. Also the balancing is all out of wack at this time. Don't put money in this.
World of guns, what can I say.I'm not a huge fan of guns, but bigger fan of games to be honest. So a long time ago, I've started playing this game, when it was a much smaller game. At the time, I liked it, but it got boring so quickly, because I couldn't have fun memorizing the parts, that I was supposed to assamble. So long story short, I left it. Nowdays I came back, to see what the developers did, and made out of the game. I was a little bit suprized, when the game welcomed me, as a newcomer, because as I said, I did played the game already. So my progress whiped out... Oh well, I personally left the game on the 3rd gun I think, so I wasn't that upset about it. (Like the other ones, who actually loved this game, and spent hours of their lifetime assembling guns.) When I was searching for the next gun to check, I was shocked, how much models they created to assemble. (Not minding the fact, that I was only be able to play with 2, the tutorial one, and an another one.)So recommending this game would be missleading for those, who's following my reviews, because dear game developers, making us, players redo the tutorial is ok, but whiping our progress, and our achivements? This is one of that kind of wound, that's gonna remain in the hearts of your old fans forever.
char creation part is the only playable thing in the game (and it is still quite inconvenient and counter-intuitive).the controls are pretty bad, and there's no option to remap them. like, what? insta uninstall.
Once upon a time I would've recommended this game to anyone, even with it's low amount of content, the ability to build gave it incredible longevity, much like a shallower minecraft with a decent little mmo tacked onto it, but now it creeps further and further into arm-twisting its playerbase into buying things or feeling left out, their microtransaction system has transitioned from fun into extortion and I can no longer give this game a positive review.
I'm deeply wondering how the hell this game with so many bugs issues gets a very positive reviews?Even just from regristration and the fax/email support from the perfect what the hell world is really frustrating.A note for game master, you'd better delete it if you didn't want to fix those bugs you bug.
Pros:Combat is fun if a bit on the rePetative side.  Graphics are pretty good and they seem to be optimizing them a bit better now.It's 4th ed D&D (can be good, can be bad, you decide).Cons:Community is ToxicReuse of levels... constantly."new" content basically equals more grind to grind for grindings sake.Imagine playing an MMO with minimal "fun" and then add in all the things that make D&D and Forgotten realms annoying and top it off with a buttload of childish turds bunny hopping around and generally arguing over nonsense.
its a mobile game mmo, its alright IF you like mobile games, but i cant stand the big buttons and all the members only rubbish. if you wanna plat single player that is an option. it will run on your machine. dont have graphics options which is awful. i dont recomend because its not a mobile mmo, neither is it a  pc game. although its one of the better f2p(p2p) mobile games.
Well the devs really ♥♥♥♥ed up with this oneThis was such a fun game and now they've turned it into a "free" game that you have to pay to enjoy. Before you could unlock everything in the game just by playing but now you have to pay real money to access these things.Stop this♥♥♥♥♥♥ either make it like it used to be or just let us buy the full game for a good price...just don't do this microtransaction♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's horrible marketing and you might as well take a♥♥♥♥♥♥on your players facesAND NOW THEY ADDED ALMOST $90 WORTH OF """DLC""""HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS
Pretty good game to play in short sessions. Not enough going on to try playing for longer than an hour at a time.One major flaw though:I had started my vault with purchasing a booster pack and a couple extra lunch boxes. 100 dwellers later, I had everyone at 5+ SPECIAL stats, starting to gather legendaries, doing really well.Game crashes after a mission. Local save files are deleted. Steam Cloud save files are deleted. No vaults showing up in game. No saves located on my computer, anywhere. Just lost the cash I spent on micro transactions (shoulda known better, but just wanted a boost), along with my time played.Not worth starting over after just throwing some cash down the drain. Don't bother playing if you want a sense of accomplishment. If you just want to kill time and will be playing for free, can't hurt? 
Heroes&Generals was a great game when it first come out, Simple Graphic, easy mechanic, and now i dont know what to say...., i throw money in this game and i though this game going to be great in the future.., but now you see Review from Very Positive into Mixed, you have to know what are you doing DEV, listen to your players..., that's all i can tellDEV make us happy with your game, dont make us leave your game, Heroes&Generals was a great game on the old time, think about us, dont think about moneythanks :D
Pros:-Nice visuals, especially with the HD texture pack.-Interesting god kits.-Somewhat fast-paced in certain gamemodes.-Lets you go ham.Cons:-Horrible matchmaking, get matched up with 0 hour players as a 2k one (checked via smite.guru), fighting against a full premade of level 100+ players.-Too many anti-fun gods.-Grimy company out for money and publicity. Remember Tribes? Yeah, me neither.-Balance is a coin-toss. Buffed a broken god at one point calling him "middle of the pack." Buffed Ullr to sell his super flashy (and expensive!) T5 skin. Meanwhile Bakasura sits at the bottom of the tierlist for YEARS.
Level 60 DPS/Tank guardian, if your into pvp DONT PLAY THIS GAME, PvP has not gotten a single extra map, update, game mode or even penalties for leaving. i played right on launch also..... the pve is fun the spells are to and dungeons but all boses seem to just spawn more and more adds and thats the end of the fight they are hard though! 5/10
Early Access ReviewWhen are they going to set it up where it's at least usable for partial controller, I love this game and I have been a member of the online version for years, it just got a little old at times. This is the best idea you have had Artix, but and yes there is a but, it would be so much more if y'all would take a little time and invest it in making the standard controller work or even the steam controller. I have played and it is difficult for me at best, I grew up on the older gaming consoles I'm about to turn 50 if that tells you anything(remeber pong, I do and remember playing it) it is so much easier if you have a controller even if it is just a partial like movemnent and attacks, please for all that is in the heart of all dragon lords and wizards give us a controller. Thank you for such a awesome game and this one is OK too, it just needs a little tweaking and it would be as good as the online version that y'all have.
Early Access ReviewThis game isn't a game, it's a chore, once you make something, you feel good, it has a problem a few minutes later, you think you fix it, then another problem arises, it's an infinite loop of chores and annoyance, and it never even gives you any stats for anything or any way to tell what something does, I've probably spent more time on this game's discussion board asking how something works more than I have playing the game, here is an example of one of the crappy descriptionsQueen Bee: "She needs things to be Just So before she gets the drones working" There's no explanation to what 'Just So" is supposed to mean, how are we supposed to know what we have to do to get it to work?the swords and armors have no stats, so we can never tell HOW much more armored and powerful we will be!Pros+the atmosphere in caves is nice+pretty good graphics+The creatures look goodCons-Bad physics (my character flies like a bouncy ball on a trampoline) -Boring, Repetitive gameplay-Bad Optimization-is another cube-based creation/adventure game-god awful item descriptions 
was so hyped for this game after seeing the reveal cinematic. I honestly thought that it was going to be a free to play Final Fantasy Online clone.What I got was a $20 worth of ♥♥♥♥ing disappointment.
This used to be my go-to F2P casual FPS game until patch 1.12 ruined it. Here are some of the changes that came with the patch:- Light tanks can drive under and flip medium/heavy tanks then kill them (I witnessed an M2A2 do this to a Panther)- Tanks can cook off multiple times but still be operational- Tanks are now incredibly tanky (I know, crazy, but...) because the anti-tank weapons designed to destroy or disable tanks are now useless agaisnt them with the new locational damage system (e.g. 8 Panzershrek rockets to kill a light tank)- Plane damage against ground vehicles (see: tanks) multiplied by 20x just so the planes can actually destroy them (this was actually post patch 1.12 by the way)- And more (like instant spawns on everyone, meaning planes can now bomb you while you run to the first point because they got rid of all the bicycles in a previous patch)this is just stuff I remember after not playing the game for a few months. Everyone who's saying "but this new update made the game so much more realistic!" ... this game was always arcade-y and it still IS even after the vehicles update. There was no reason to make the game more realistic because (imo) it ruins the charm of the game, but they also completely ♥♥♥♥ed up the implementation of it so it's not even a fun kind of realism. If they had added killable crews to tanks (e.g. hafthohlladung kills some or all crew members on detonation) the game would probably still be fine. Oops I accidentally ranteddon't play this game for nowI would have recommended it before patch 1.12, despite the glaring flaws, but now that a lot of the veteran players are leaving and RETO is rebranding the game into something it's not ever going to become... it's done, don't subject yourself to this♥♥♥♥♥♥br>Side note: I think they're banning veterans on the forum for criticising the recent patches? Can't actually confirm this but I wouldn't put it past 'em
Early Access ReviewGood game but no way to report people for verbal abuse in game.  Also, no way to turn off people who turn on voice chat and play lound music for the whole game.  All you can do is turn your sound off.  Had one guy who all he did was call everyone on the team homosexual slurs for 15 minutes.  Lots of fun.
Early Access ReviewGame runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ combined CoD and CS, some guns doesnt work, some is OP. Needs balance, more customisations (for graphics) and fix frame lagg, because it laggs even on beefy  pc.
Early Access ReviewI know that it's an early access game, so I shouldn't blame you for experimenting, but holly ♥♥♥♥ the last update is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ Prices are more expensive than ever, you don't win any money, and I'm stuck with over 9000 blocks that I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about, and I don't wanna sell them because it only gives me 1/3-1/4th of the buying price (which used to be 1/2 all the time except special events when you could sell it full price). Please bring the old system back! For the people reading this, I would've recommended it how it was before which only required to pay if you wanted to progress faster, but now it's just pure pay 2 win, which is sad for a pretty innovative game.
After 40 min of searching for an animal, I've discoverd you can only shoot rabbits and ♥♥♥♥ING RARE deers. How can anyone call this Free To Play? You have to pay min 15€ to shoot animals, more maps and even play multiplayer! Don't waste your time on this scamming♥♥♥♥♥♥ It is not fun!
Worst MMO I've ever played in my life. If you are trying it out because it is free, and because it seems like a new MMO, I don't blame you. I gave it a try too... but let's get real... this game is already 2 years old and the optimization is so terrible that it was the first thing to warn the players on NAMUwiki from Korea. Statistically, majority of people with average gaming gear like GTX 980Ti~1070 complained of constant FPS drop and lag. I played a lot of MMOs with bad reviews like Archeage for instance, but I still had tons of fun. This one though... I must delete.
Who the hell is going to manually back up their saves every time? My computer froze once while starting this up and came back to my save game gone. This game is both a waste of time and money, i played not only to have my my progress lost but also money spent in their store wasted. 
WOW....less then 1min into the game, GANKED on a beginners server.....its like H1Z1 or DayZ with ....kiddies/griefers/cheaters/trolls.....no wonder this genra is doing so poorly DEVELOPERS HELLO? FIRST AND FORMOST....PVP? ON BEGINNERS SERVERS????Are you smoking crack? Trying to kill your new player base?? Or are you just a bunch of trolls and enjoy ganking newbs in a game you made???I got this game cause two of my friends were playing it, was like sure its F2P it cant be all that bad, ill start on a PVE/newbee(no marked PVE) server learn what the hell i need to do, GANKED.....in under a min of spawning into a map.Well, Eff this...i hope there are a great number of kiddies out there with deep pockets, cause this game is CRAP for new players to enjoyREVIEWED AS OF 1/16/2017P.S. It toulk longer to write this review then i had fun even trying to play the game.... WOW this game needs love... 
I very recently had to redownload this game due to my computer getting infected and forgot my previous username as a result. I was not able to recover that account, so I made a new one. I am very happy with some of the changes, such as the taxi being instant and available anywhere, and I'm looking forward to redoing both the Deathsong and Groncicle challenges, having previously finished them. However, I am very dissapointed that I keep having to shut my computer off in order to continue to play as it frequently gets stuck when I'm trying to complete my missions. I love this game, and I love the idea of it, but this frequent freezing is extremely annoying. I hope a patch is found soon.
Early Access ReviewThe developers absolutely ruined this game.they nerfed everythingthey added a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ new moba gamemode that ruined balance in all other gamemodes and now the removed tiers.
Early Access ReviewThe game is kinda enjoyable until you get to level 5 when it becomes a mess.you get terrible match making (3v6?) almost everyone is put into servers where they lag, and it takes ages to get into a game.once you get into war mode you find out how unbalanced it is, US get M1/2 spam cannon and destroy everything in CQB. all the Veteran players have more health and upgraded weapons that kill in one or two hits... still locked behind hundreds of hours of grinding or... pay. how about trying to take out tanks, grab a panzershreck and waste your credits trying to destroy tanks, every shot costs 200+ credits and you get less back from the tank.graphics from 2005 at best with massive texture pop and fog everywhere.  
do not get its a scam and its runs like crap i mean bad i can run kingdom come on high but this game i have a hard time to play on medium because it lag all over the place.and btw i have a very good internet connection with a decent computer so ain't me and anyway from what i saw from other review it just to grab more money to put in the xbox 1 exlusive game.might be way beter on xbox 1 don't know and will never know. what i know is that the pc version is realllllllllllllllllllllyyyyyyy bad .
Early Access ReviewSame♥♥♥♥♥♥that doesn't make MtG fun to play sometimes: land flood and land screw. It doesn't help that you get hit with this so early on in the game. I can't push through the beginner campaign because it's just not fun drawing unplayable cards turn after turn. I was hoping that a new game that tries the MtG formula would have some things to mitigate the mana issue like Hearthstone did. Also didn't like the interface, cards look too small on the board and there's some space wasted on the sides that could be utilized.
I want to love this game, I really do. Tank sims are my jam, and this one is a lot of fun from that perspective.However, it is extremely unbalanced in favor of the Allies, particularly from battle-rating 4.7 to about 7.0 (a very significant proportion of the German tree). Mid-war German tanks will frequently be facing late and even post-war vehicles from the Allies, thus negating any of the perks that German tanks historically had. Matches are often frustrating because you will be facing enemies that you can't possibly hope to defeat given the limitations of the game itself and the fact that most players are utterly clueless about teamwork (though that doesn't come as a surprise in today's online gaming environment).Another huge problem is spawn camping. There's basically nothing that stops players from sitting near their enemy's respawn area and shooting people as soon as they spawn in.Hopefully Gaijin will seek to balance the game more in the future, but somehow I doubt it. I recommend this game if you enjoy tank/flight simulators in the World War 2/Early Cold War era, but prepare to be extremely frustrated by the Battle-Rating system and spawncamping.
Free to play my a**! You get like 3 cars and 3 tracks and that's about. For anything more, you need to pay lots of money. At least start selling the game for 60 euros with everything included. Until then, this game is not recommended by me!
This is game needs some balancing. The PVE is goodd, espcially for it being free, but once tyou get the expansion of the dark brotherhood, becuase you know its the dark brotherhood and you get to polay more ES, and that is the start of long line of microtransactions. The AI are funky and the seems liek you need ceratin cards  to create to win against. As the startr and random packs you dont usually get them. It doesnt help if their someone out there with alot of money and they will spend,  me, i judge a game by its content and this is one that can kill your fandom to ES.  Microsoactiont o get a card to beat an Ai, or lose to the random players who have more money to spend ont he game or lucky enough to get the cards. Me, im tired of microtransaction, so sorry ES . this is one game i will not be spending more than i should just to play it. WOW least has something appealing when you pay continously.
Early Access ReviewIt was a Huge dissapointment, they could have use other combat mechanic for this type of game, the character design and the art and over all background story is great but I feels like its the combat mechanic that ruins it. could have been a great game. 
Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewOfcourse, I get a Plasma Goliathon out of a Rusted Crate and it gets replaced by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Electroshield K Left for no reason. I didn't recieve a message, it just gets replaced. FOR NO REASON AT ALL!http://i.imgur.com/UMfh1ao.jpg Here it shows me that I recieved the Goliathon...http://i.imgur.com/pViJDSX.jpg Here it gets replaced by the Electroshield..Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥
Early Access ReviewPathetic aiming. bullets are not going to land even your aim is on the target constantly. game mode is fun, innovative. But the aiming is ridiculously hard and poor. not even worth to play!
Early Access ReviewI have played a lot of World War 2 games, but I have yet to play one that makes my efforts as a lowly foot soldier feel like piddly♥♥♥♥♥♥  I tried this game in early early closed alpha years ago, and I've tried it again to see what has changed.  I suppose for the ardent supporters, if they find something redeemable here, they might enjoy it.  I instead was greeted by cheesy mechanics rewarding one hit kills with bolt actions, ineffectual rifles, and an overall feeling of futility as I tried to do anything except die.  If you want to waste your bandwidth and try, by all means I welcome you to it.  This however, isn't a game I would recommend to friends.  The sheer progression for weapons is one of the absolute worst I have seen in a Free2Play game.  I have seen the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Warframe pulls, and this pulls far far ahead.  Do you value that shiny PPsH all the Russians killed them Nazzys with?  Do you want to pay real money for a virtual gun, in an otherwise♥♥♥♥♥♥experience?  If the answer to the latter is no, do yourself a favor and just install Red Orchestra 2 and enjoy a game that encapsulates the horrors and adrenaline the Second World War exemplified.
Hi-Rez Studios is one of the worst companies that I have ever seen try to balance a MOBA because they don't even try to. They purposefully release new gods in a broken state to "reward" those who bought the gods access pass or those who saved to buy the new god. The company is all about a huge cash grab releasing skins in updates to try and distract from the fact that they ignore their community and refuse to balance anything. The game is really only fun if you pickup one of the generic, broken gods that can be played rather than any of the ones with a unique and fun kit because unique and fun just doesn't cut it here, you have to be generic and broken to win. Will never be able to recommend the game until they manage to fix the state it is in.
Nothing but a ♥♥♥♥ing hat simulator. Feeling like getting told by a group of 12 year old russian how they all♥♥♥♥♥♥♥your mother and lose because they ruin the game on purpose and stack report you resulting in a ban on your account? Feeling like spending hundreds of euros on hats? Do you sweat waiting for the weekly hat update(yeah valve doesnt fix mmr or game bugs at all its just hats) if so yes this game is for u
Back then in alpha, I use to â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing LOVE this game, all you had to do was just farm robots and level up and unlock new crap. But now everything is completely different, different in a way of â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing TERRIBLE. Weapons are unbalanced, servers are laggy as hell, players are toxic and rude like I'm playing with a bunch of 9 year olds and all the staff in this game are pretty much â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing useless in general. I now understand why this game managed to get a mixed review. BEST PART, THE CHAINGUN WAS RELEASED MONTHS AGO AND YOU STILL SAY ITS A NEW WEAPONRY, HOW IS THAT PROGRESS?
Before sesson 7, Blue Mammouth Games was active but now they have been lazy, they make ONLY chest and skins (for money of course). I don't say that isn't that bad to make skins but ONLY skins? Question, Will YOU buy skins with 10% on DLC's?Also most of the community is 7 to 12 year old, so don't wait a good community.The only good thing that I can find on this game that isn't P2W (Pay To Win) or something like that, which is free.Thats my opinion, but I think this is true. Before starting hating me, comment the reason why you disagree with me.
Early Access ReviewIn it's current state: Do not buy.Just don't.Even considering it's Early Access status the game is just way too buggy and is not really worth the price tag. I'd love to come back to the game when they fixed most of it, but considering how the game was dealt with by their developers on previous releases, I wouldn't be surprised if the major problems wouldn't get fixed at all until the game dies. It feels like more of a cash grab than an actual MMO. It has little personality and at certain points you really notice that only very little thought was put into the game's design and mechanics.
While the game itself is enjoyable as of late lag and fps have become a real issue. Gameplay is choppy while near groups of tanks there is a terrible lag when the enemy is spotted. It is much worse when they are spotted en-mass.  This was not the case when STEAM first offered the game and the last two updates were ineffective in dealing with it. A shame as the game is no longer enjoyable due to frustration.
I loved it and now i despise it.The lack of proper balancing and new game modes have sucked the soul out of this game for me.And the fact that gaijin is nearly as oppressive as North korea.. 
Early Access ReviewConstantly getting stuck on loading without seeing the server selection screen. Sometimes it takes up to 10+ tries for the game to show up the servers (huge waste of time and patience - over 6h wasted in this + server queues). Its a known issue, the publisher does NOTHING to fix it.Instability - huge fps drops, even crashes by using marketplace, despite i have edited certain settings manually from the game ini files. HUGE amounts of server lagThe product is not as advertised - lack of endgame content (battleground/arenas), issues that were promised to be fixed from previous editions such as optimization/gameplay are in a HORRIBLE state. No endgame other than two dungeon. Its more like a game in alpha state than a game promising a polished release.People abusing exploits due to server latency, gaining significant advantages over others and possibly breaking the server's economy/progression. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8dXV3AUwQQ 
Technically it isn't pay to win, but it's pay to win. Any decks they give you to start are going to be outpaced by decks people have built themselves, and people that have paid to buy the sets are going to have everything they need to make a deck.Cards can be turned into Soul Gems, which can be used to buy other cards. Except the cards from the Dark Brotherhood expansion. Those are locked behind a purchase. People can use them on you, but until you buy them, you don't get them and can't use Soul Gems to craft them.
Early Access ReviewIt's a big MTG ripoff with a far worse mulliogan rule and a bloated 1/3 power card requirement and 75 card minimum deck size. A knockoff with worse mechanics.And i'm getting to the point on this game where I think it intentionally screws me. Like it's my turn to lose 10 games in a row from mana screw/flood. Feels like a big game of paper rock sissors, and a complete waste of my time.This game angers me more than anything else in my life.I just feel cheated constantly.Sometimes it just seems like your opponent has just been scripted to have answers to everything you draw because statistically it was their time to win.And the art is really bad. And I don't care about the lore AT ALL.And forget about Ranked mode. If you haven't spent all of your allowance on this game so you can get all the legendary cards unlocked you're gonna have a bad time."Really, i'm done with this garbage.
Fun game, it really is.. But you must pay for it, like the tutorials and mechanics? Good, get ready to auto-walk 90% of the time. Having fun? Play with your friends!...After you buy memberships. a good hour or two and that's all you need after that uninstall, here I come! f2p? More like p2p. This concludes my review in a short summary.
If you have played battlefield, this game is just like the tank system put into a single game. Plus all of these god damn tank upgrades and micro transactions. Also I hate getting killed all the time by people who wave the best god damn tanks in the game. If you want this game, Good luck :) :) :)
Early Access ReviewSo i started playing the 2d game about 6 or 7 years ago. And i gotta say that i loved it! But the turn to 3d, man i don't know really. Right now its not much of a game. But in the future i can imagine it taking a large turn and becoming a really awesome game. But for now, not much a fun game. I think playing the 2d game is much more fun.
I am a fan of Yugioh and I kinda like the game mechanics, a huge variety of cards and F2P system. I've played on both iOS and Android version a year ago, there are some bugs and exploits yet to be solved till today, they even present in PC version of this game! These exploits♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off a lot and I am uninstalling this game until it has been solved.It's the PVP bug. Players kept disconnected from PVP play for no reason, and as a result, they lost (While their internet connection is NOT A PROBLEM at all). Youtubers have made a video on how to exploit this bug for their own benefits, which I think it's pretty unfair this way.I am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off when duelling against players, it keeps giving me "Server Connection Error" at the first round, and I always lost because of this disconnection error and time limit loss (while you have 150+s to decide your action). And I can ensure that this is NOT INTERNET CONNECTION PROBLEM because I plugged in LAN Cable but still the same thing happens.I hope for a fairer PVP system and this connection bug to be solved.
Early Access ReviewYeah, in the past few months the updates have been dramatically ruining the game, used to be much better.Personally attempted to contact reto and got bannedYeah, please don't waste your money on this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t it said i was disconnected from internet when i was not which used up my free entry into one of the battle arena and gave my oppenent all the medalions. I did not get a free entry back. This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I do not recommend this game to anyone.
you always NEED to pay to get that high level to play and win the fun dungeons or it will take you years of doing the same daily missions that take 6 hours to do that are much the same from what you did yesterday and find it hard when you do it alone...if you wont pay dont play
Early Access ReviewHave to pay a Free 2 Play game just to get the most out of the game love building♥♥♥♥♥♥and destroing♥♥♥♥♥♥but good. I see coments that it wasint this way so this makes me more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..TILL ALL ARE ONE
Don't get me wrong this is a great game but really? i have to spend 10 dollars every 3 months just to be able to hunt every animal... garbageif you don't mind spending that then get the game its really good but if you don't think that is worth it then don't get this game
The game itself is good, a great mobile game, not much of a game if you ask me, but interesting nonethelessHowever, i must advice you to not install this game, as my vault which i had been building for such a long time simply ceased to exist when my computer crashed, you should not suffer such loss, so dont install this game, its very good, but has some huge problems, that one which i have described is the biggest for sure, but there are many more.its a good game but since it decided to crash and corrupt my data (i suppose) i will have to give this game a thumbs downspecially because this isnt the first time my vault was lost like this.4/10go play Act raiser instead
played for while on keyboard felt very boring same thing over and over. true it may have more for people who are fans of the manga, but for the average person not worth wasting time.didn't like this game at all couldn't get controller support seems to be made for younger ages.
Early Access ReviewI want to recommend this game because it in its self is a fun game. However there are many draw backs.Pros:- It runs (automatically better than most free to play games)- Has a lot of potential- A Counter Strike sort of gameplay for those who enjoy that (buy gear at the beginning with credits, get kills for credits, etc.)- VERY fast paced gameplay and heavily relies on reaction to events.- [This is an opinion for me] Small maps work very well for this game, they're no larger than a Counter Strike or Call of Duty map. Cons: - No unlocking or loot system, only items in game are cosmetics bought with real money. (Nothing expensive, most items are $1 or $2, but the point still stands) - Game disconnects from matches 75% of the time, forcing the user to loose all credit towards their next rank they gained that match- VERY unbalanced. Certain guns rule the game and others are useless. The SPAS-12 shotgun is one of if not the best gun and you can buy it with the credits you get when you start the match. Also many guns are over powered, under powered, bad aim, too good aim, etc. The shotguns can only hit up to about 5 yards and if its not point blank then its ~1 damage. The pistols have no recoil giving those who are good with them or hackers (more on that later) a very easy chance. The assault rifles are crap, bad recoil, large cone of fire, damage regarding range is bad (AK's give more damage at 10 yards than an M4 Carbine)- Clipping errors. The models and entities clipped into eachother often.- Headshots. This one sounds like a pro but its not, the head hitboxes on a player are massive, Making nearly every shot you take a headshot and an instant kill. - Lag. I know you'd think a game thaat doesnt require much of a computer and only a 200mb download wouldn't lag much but it seems you're wrong. Certain guns when fired cause small lags spikes as if the audio, animation, and effects have never been precached or loaded at all. Then shooting them again causes the same lag like its loading it brand new again causing the fast paced gameplay to be choppy and ultimately make you loose. - Hackers. Good lord the hackers. It's mostly small children aimbotting with the starting pistol. Normally that would be fine but considering 2 of the other cons  mentioned. that pistol is a 1 hit kill when its a headshot (even if you have the max armor upgrasde which doubles your health) and  the head hitboxes are enormous. That being said they instantly kil you. THIS GAME NEEDS AN ANTI-CHEAT BADLYAll in all I'd probably say a 5/10 with tons of room for improvement and a lot of potentional. If the devs fix those cons and bugs, and implement a working anti-cheat of some sort (this is none of right now) then I can see my review changing to positive and my time spent playing this game going up drastically, maybe even buying some items from the ingame store.
Early Access ReviewI want to make a good review on this game. I really do. But Weapon's arent balanced. TTK is way too quick late game no matter what armour you have. Class weapons aren't fair.
Long ago this game and F2P lived together and harmony. Then everything changed when the greed nation attacked and this became a whole P2W. Almost every window i open has a $ in it. Game got ruined. Not Recommended anymore at all
Early Access ReviewThe most boring game ever.You have lots of different quests for the same monsters. Kill 20/take 20egs/take 20brains/find 1 note for the same monster. World is tiny so exploring the map is boring also.Potions requires real money(don't know if you need them but still).Some locked content for f2p user and that's it.
The game has too many isusses now due to the revamp. Too many spamers, too much lag, too many bug, too many everthing that degrades the game.The devs said that they were "Going" to make each character blanced. No is nowhere near blanced. I used to like Elsword but now it's really a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥current rating of this game: 0.5/10
Early Access ReviewLong story short: don't play it.Crosshairs and running are a nightmare. When you get shot, you don't feel any impact. Scopes shouldn't be dirty. Should have more video options. Why does it need a launcher, then the game opens and you click options: almost nothing. You start the game and it opens even another window. Game is super hard to run and at this point, I would say it's not worth it to play this game, although it has potential.
Early Access ReviewI know the game is pre alpha. I understand that balancing and lack of options in the game settings will be fixed, but at the moment it's more unplayable than totally accurate battlegrounds was on release date, and at those days, the game was crashing every FIVE MINUTES. But this game ubers all. You get stuck constantly in invisible walls, the zone is changing and coming faster than ever, and since you cant determine your own spawn location, you most likely spend about 8/10th if the game running throught fields naked. The weapon balance is so ♥♥♥♥ed up, you get oneshot by an smg, but a butt-naked enemy needs atleast two hits  from a bolt-action sniper rifle to die.Not to mention that the spawnrate of weapons is ridiculously low. There were times when you loot a whole village, previously unvisited by any other player, and you are still lucky to find a pistol with a magazine or two.And the drop rate of any kind of loot is unchanged even in squads, so you have a good chance at finishing the game with two of your group members still not having a weapon.The developers really have to get themselves together to do anything, because atm it's comedic effects and originality are far overshadowed by TABG
Read the reviews and though of trying this game out because i was bored. As soon as i got in i see a few servers meh. I got in and saw a coyote. I pulled the trigger and a pop up on my top right screen with some guys face saying "you need a license or membership to shoot this coyote" i check the store and you have to pay with in game money. I start with 0. meaning i have nothing. I have to pay real money just to shoot a npc animal that is part of the game. This is trully a ♥♥♥♥ you and "we want money" from the developers. its funny seeing people that actually fell for it and has the license. Hope i can get a license to shoot the developers in the face with that 1 shot sniper you get at start. DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME OR SUPPORT THE DEVS. FIND A REAL AND GOOD DEV OR GAME
Don't bother. Apparently losing saved games is a known issue so unless you want the task of making a copy, or firing up one of the cheats, you stand to lose all your progress. If game devs can't make an effort to prevent such a catastrophe why bother supporting them. Save yourself the frustration and give this game a pass.
Early Access ReviewDissapointing. Nothing to do at endgame, content locked... Horrible drop rates. Sad :( Could've been so much more but all the nerfs/gatekeeping ruined the game and lost most of it's playerbase.
- auto locks fantasy themes based on playstyle. want to idle and be evil? too bad! Don't like the evil scenery with dead trees and no grass? Better start clicking all the time!- very static interface. There doesn't seem to be any gifs. just static images.
I recently heard about spooky's house of jumpscares from word of mouth. hearing that it was free,  downloaded it as fast as i could.but wait, it doesn't work.the sound is glitchy and broken, making it the most frightening thing i'm going to see in this game.if i press a key, the game crashes. simple as that. considering i HAVE to press keys to get past the title screen, i obviously didn't get far.broken mess of code.
where to begin... well the game is pretty fun and pretty goddamn addicting but multiplayer is a big bucket of smashed ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. i think elsword is the only game where i was ever brutally spamed by a level 10 player. this is where i said bull♥♥♥♥♥♥because if a level 10 can defeat me as for me being level 41 then there is somthing horrifically broken with the game. so i did a little research and relised these people that were utterly destroying me had  6000+ wins and 0 losses. now this is an impossible feat. and yet this type off bs goes unchecked. now if you play it by yourself its an ok game but pvp is broken. i never ever cheat in mmorpgs but appearently everyone else does in elsword. if you like pvp then DONT TRY ELSWORD.
Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewRobocraft has gravely went down hill in my opinon, some of the updates were good now it just purely not fun anymore. I just logged in today and all my money was erased (had 209,875 saved and now its 230) and i find that to be completely idiotic and theft-like. Also if any player has a flying veichle... dismantle it and make a super tank becauseof all these features, Anti Air Guns will one shot you regardless how big it is. Right now unless freejam actually plays the game and sees whats happening i dont recommend this. The weapons in this game need to be Nerfed alittle because there overpowerd right now.
Early Access ReviewShort review: Everything seems really good, except of manasystem which is from last century and is the thing that I hate most about MtG. If this is fixed, then this game could seriously contend with HS. Also the monetization model is much greedier than HS. I would give it a neutral review, as I enjoy the game and will continue to be playing it despite the shortcomings, but since that is not an option: the greediness of the monetization means constructed is locked out until you grind nonstop for a few weeks, which makes me give it a negative one.Sidenote: So that I don't sound like a whiny kid, I will admit that I did spend more than 40$ on the game, which denotes how much I enjoy playing it as it's one of the better online ccgs out there. At the same time it does not deny the shortcomings, because of which I cannot recommend it to my friends. To be fair I don't think there is any online ccg I can recommend to my friends as this industry is really greedy... Well except for faeria, but that game is killing it's potential and creativeness is declining, so I am considering changing my review for that as well.Extended version:I really love how the things this game does and how it plays out. Mechanics, flavor and other things are great. It doesn't rely on RNG as much as hearthstone but still manages to keep simplicity of HS while providing plethora of interesting options. Basically if you enjoy any of the current CCGs like Hearthstone, MtG, Spellweaver, Star Crusade, Elder Scrolls Legends or any others you will have high likelihood of enjoying this.There are a few minor issues UI issues that will be fixed later (like button on the screen to declare all attackers or a bit more seamless casting of spells) BUT there is one issue with the current game that I find troubling: Mana system.Basically the reason I cannot recommend this game is because of the manasystem that is straight rom last century. Manascrew and Manaflood are same as magic so even with all the upsides, this game doesn't solve this issue, which is the worst issue in magic. Unless new game mechanics are introduced to alleviate manascrew, this game will not have lasting appeal. Overall this game seems good and interesting and I will follow the development of this game, but if this game will still have same manascrew/manaflood issues that I am fed up with in magic, then I cannot recommend this game. Another minor drawback is that there are no hero powers like in HS (Star Crusade and Spellweaver do this part really well), but I could live with that if not for the manasystem.Update: After playing the game longer (basically for whole week nonstop), I have to admit that manascrew is not as much of an issue in this game as in MtG as there are a few mechanics that help it. Though I still consider this to be quite a big issue. But the bigger issue I have found in this game is how greedy the monetization model is. It might seem like you are getting more stuff from boosters and drafting as you get to keep the cards you have drafted, but that is counterbalanced by the fact that to get enough gold for another draft you will have to win the draft. The crafting costs and the fact that you need 4x of any card (including legendaries) mean that it will take quite a lot of time/money until you are abe to build half decent deck. Although there are a few aggressive archetypes that you can build quickly and don't require legendaries, but if you want diversity and deck brewing, then you are out of luck.Update2 with new set: After half a year of unchanging metagame we finally get a new set... Half of which is are reprints of first set. I could technically be fine with it if this had some redeeming qualities, but the sad part is keywords aren't nearly as well designed as in the first set (they still have interesting interactions, but they are much worse). The cards are overall less exciting and the game isn't even trying to be creative anymore. Feels like they just stopped putting real effort into making the game itself better and are only focused on making it look better. If I wanted something that looks good but pays bad and is rng-dependant, I would play Hearthstone...
Early Access ReviewStuck on title screen, No action combat except 1 class, 2 classes locked/incomplete, Founder rewards limited to a single character, Huge queues and no AFK kick system, Faction lock, Market duplication, .ini file edits for decent framerate, etc.
game is broken wont load and the support dont even exist sent emails and stuff got no reply AVOID THIS GAME AT ALL COSTS one of the most unsupported games i have ever seen and ive seen plenty of games the devs dont care about but never one like this turd
Early Access ReviewThis game is fun for a while but it turned into a pay to win. The amount of xp to level up is crazy. The amount of in game currency needed to purchase weapons and vehicles is ludicrous. I understand that you must get money but you would need to pay $1500 TO UNCLOCK EVERYTHING. It would be better if you just made a $60 pack that you can aquire a 1 year verteren membership and lots of gold. I would need to put in 2000 hours to unlock everything, but I have a life.
~ I PLAYED THIS ON PHONE. NOT PC. ~- So, at the beginning it was a little bit fun.I got into a clan, and played a lot!Eventually I got BTD 5, and now BTD 6, and I started to play Battles less.The game kinda got boring, same with BTD 5, but I still play BTD 6 since theres new stuff, and its being updated a bit more than BTD 5 and Battles.I genually liked this game, but then like I said, it got boring.I would still reccomend it but It's only fun for a couple of days.
Early Access ReviewGood concept for a Card Game, but at the moment it doesn't work well because of power cards. Maybe they correct it in the future by adding some more ways to search and add power from your deck (like MTG does) and by removing the "you need to have 1/3 of your deck as power cards".I will update this review in the future when they send more patchs...***Cons***1#-> Every game is like getting tons of power cards or getting none. I lost the count of how many times I played 5 or more straight turns getting power cards or getting 1 or 2 in more than 10 turns... Because of this kind of thing you don't need to be a skilled player you just need to have a set of hat made of Four-leaf clovers and a rabbit's foot necklace.2#-> You have 90% trash cards and only 10% good cards that cost a huge amount of stones. It's absurd how crafting cost pass from 50 and 100 to 800 and 1600 stones... Maybe they could balance cards and by doing that reduce the crafting cost, would be better for the game itself because this would open more deck possibilities.3#-> "You need to have 1/3 of your deck as power cards", this limitation helps the 1# to get bigger.4#-> Because of the first three major cons, your deck options are reduced by control, aggro and midrange deck types (see tournament decks for more info), burn, earlygame and other types of decks are very cool and fun to play with, but your win rate will probably be lower than the 3 types I mentioned before because of 1#.5#-> They should implement some kind of matchmaking system for casual, I observed that basically the actual system is only.... Oh I found a player for you... there is no level or win / lose rate to balance this kind of thing, new players get destroyed by old players this way.6#-> Small problem, they created the new mode Puzzles, it's a very good mode but I feel that the rewards for this are very low comparing the other ones. Maybe they could add chests or more gold to it.***Pros***1#-> The campaign is pretty good, you can learn fast how the game works and how to make some basic decks.2#-> The other AI modes are very good too (Puzzles, Gauntlet, Forge). In puzzles you will have a good experience on how the card habilities should be used and you will need some smart moves to finish it. Gauntlet is kind of a mortal kombat tower, you will have to defeat all enemies to fight against one big boss with a hability that benefits his deck, but sometimes it can help you out too. Forge is like Gauntlet, but you will get a random pack of cards and you will have to create a deck from it and use it until the end (this mode you need to spend some gold or real money to play).3#-> Casual Ranked and Draft are cool to play too, but for casual they should 5#.4#-> Animations and game design are great in my opinion, they didn't put a lot of effects in cards so you can play this game in many devices (pcs,laptops,tablets...), you don't need to have a good pc to play it. The only thing I think they should do is to improve the interaction player and field as Blizzard did in Heartstone (in this game you only interact with the totems).5#-> F2P with amazing rewards. You don't need to spend tons of money to get good cards, you can farm them by playing the game (will take a huge amount of time, but still not a P2W game).6#-> Very good crafting system (only the cost is a little unbalanced) and search engine. Very easy to use and search. You can make how many decks you want and keep testing them in the AI modes or casual.7#-> Good store, there is not many things to buy yet, but it's very nice to look at it and as I said in 5# not a P2W game,  you can buy thing with gold and for real money, most of things are cosmetic.-------------Obs: I still need to play ranked to test it and try to invite some friends to test if there is a possibility to create or play in a room against them. (later I will do that and update this review).-------------Conclusion: Very Good F2P game, but I can't recommend it yet because of 1#, 2# and 3# Major Cons. I will change to recommended as soon they fix and balance more the game (I'm have a good feeling about the next patchs).
Don`t let fancy graphics fool you. You won`t gain any joy from it, and will only get irritaded by occasionally broken tank damage models, messed match making balance and flipped up vehicle research system that has severe grinding as a necessity. So if you find Cold War vehicles interesting, I am sorry, you gotta either say goodbye to a few hundred bucks, or forget about your life for half a year. Could`ve used this time more useful.
Its a ported free to play mobile game with all the issues that lie therein. But beyond that the balancing is atrocious. Its pay to win when PvP and the AI is so stupid when you auto duel i can only imagine it was designed to make you lose so you play more. Overrall i just simply cant recommend it unless you dont mind a frustrating grind of a game.
Early Access ReviewThe new update is trash i cant use all of my soldiers that i spent time and money on. This is a scummy thing to do to the people that PAY you. People complain about the game being pay to progress, so you people decide to ♥♥♥♥♥ the people that payed you? I spent 100$+ on this game because it was impossible to play by just ranking up so now all that money is in the trash, i want a full refund.
So many issues getting to run. AVG EXCEPTION required due to APP failing Malware scan.Multiuple crashes on load.Barely was ably to be in game 4 minutes without crashing requiring a restart to get back in.finally able to write a DO NOT RECOMMEND game review.Problem signature:  Problem Event Name:APPCRASH  Application Name:Battles-Win.exe  Application Version:3.6.1.0  Application Timestamp:5767c0d6  Fault Module Name:Battles-Win.exe  Fault Module Version:3.6.1.0  Fault Module Timestamp:5767c0d6  Exception Code:c0000005  Exception Offset:00551b6c  OS Version:6.1.7601.2.1.0.768.3  Locale ID:4105  Additional Information 1:0a9e  Additional Information 2:0a9e372d3b4ad19135b953a78882e789  Additional Information 3:0a9e  Additional Information 4:0a9e372d3b4ad19135b953a78882e789Read our privacy statement online: http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=104288&clcid=0x0409If the online privacy statement is not available, please read our privacy statement offline:  C:\Windows\system32\en-US\erofflps.txt
It's  still just an idling game. Once it becomes the slightest bit difficult to make progress, it gets boring, like all the other ones. The girls really don't make it any better either.
I sneak through the forrest. Great atmosphere.I place myself next to a lake and use a bait.Waiting... (might sound boring, but the atmosphere was great)Then I hear a deer! I cannot see it yet so I use the bait again, It works. I can see the animal in the distance. It hasn't seen me yet!I'm getting tense. pressing 1 to pull out the gun. right click, looking through the scope. holding space bar to hold my breath. Its looking to the left. the perfect shot is near.I left click the mouse button awaiting the bang....Gun is taken down, no shot. A head in the upper left tells me that I don't own the license to shoot this deer.Now I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for wasting my time.Worst Free2Play concept ever.
The game is getting more and more pay to win, no matter how good or long you played, they put more and more OP cards you can only pay to get. Story mode is really cool but the core game is now unplayable even low rank now exploit (because they easily can no, matter what those 20€ + 20 hours playtime the guru wanabes and git gud trolls are saying on the community forums) those "ez win" cards I couldn't manage to get after all my playtime since I used the in game money to play the story. Story which btw I yet didn't fully unlock. Yes ! I only played half the pay-to-access part of the game after 250 hours and now I can't even manage to beat the crushing OP cards I tend to always see when I want to play the base game.I had a great time playing this game, feels like long ago, but it is now unfun and unfair. I gave this game more chances to entertain me but he is now really too disappointing.
Early Access ReviewFirst off all let's start with how AQW 2D has released items that do effect gameplay, and to make it worse these items go rare. They have xp boost items, gold boost items, rep boost items, and class boosts items. Most are locked behind being a member and paying a fee, or buying ingame currency to purchase these pay to win items before they go rare. Now this leads me to AQW 3D. The 2D game is unbalanced so why make a 3D version now? That kind of screams give me your money. Most things are super overpriced as it is. You have ultra hats in AQW 2D that cost 5,000 adventure coins. That is essentially 20 dollars for a super long hat... wtf? why...? I get that it's up to the player to buy these things and they have a choice, but to list something that high is kind of a joke to be honest. Why are you developing this 3D game when your 2D game is still in crisis? Most ppl pay lots of money just to enjoy and collect things from AE games lets be honest. So if you're prepared to spend lots of money to be at the degree of other players then go ahead play this game. This games micro transactions is almost a reminder of what Destiny 2 is not becoming. Not a lot of things amazingly worth farming, most good items you pay for, and most items that are good to farm for are not ac tagged, so they take up vault space. Then you have to pay for that space in your vault with real money. Go back and fix your other games first please.
Is fun at first, but the poorly made physics engine and crappy graphics honestly ruin it. It is very much a pay-to-win game, as many steam games are, but this is too extreme, any player that hasn't spent more than £50 is practically instantly destroyed, and is almost impossible to go up in without spending some cash. Would not recommend, sorry.
Early Access ReviewThis game was great, until the latest update then it became a p2w overpriced lottery. You can still play it with the items you got before the lasted update, but it's not really fun if you can't get anything new. Freejam ruined this game. Goodbye
I spent zero money on this game.I subscribe most of what has been said by others, namely:Pros: #1 nice gameplay, with planes, tanks, snipers and infantry all in the same field, was something I really was looking for in a shooter game#2 it's free to playCons:#1 too much grinding: every game that relies on "farming" to get sth or play isn't that fun after a while- grinding for weapons, grinding for modifications (mods) for weapons, grinding to pay for the maintnace and ammo (I like the idea of thinking about the cost of spending too much ammo, but the cost are just too damn high!)- grinding over 100 hours ONLY to get a sniper fully modded, not counting other weapons or vehicles#2 bad matchmaking after lvl 5#3 Real cheaters, lack of real anti-cheat measures: the devs can see the replays of any player games, and can see the players point of view (POV), though no software exists to "auto"detect cheaters. just google "h&g cheats"#4 Not playing for fun, focusing on farming with lower weapons so I can play the better ones just sucks the fun out of it. It was a hard choice to completely uninstall it, but I know now it was the right one. There are games that are way better that this time sucking game. Maybe this software Reto is trying to build (and not succeding) turns into a real and fun game in a decade or so.EDIT 1: I like the game gameplay, but I have this opinion not only for me, but mainly because the ones who suffer the most with grinding are the newer players. When the game becomes less grinding-dependent, that will make me have a positive opinion on this game. I like to play it, but i don't want to support or encourage grinfing games no more.EDIT 2: and one more thing, if you don't pay, you can't equal payers, because "veterans/payers" get 2 medals (run faster, etc) and free players get only 1EDIT 3: i ask you, add labels to this game to see where it goes; suggestions "pay2win", "grinding"
Early Access ReviewI played this game a bit when it FIRST came out, I was here before any tabs except options and play were available, and honestly, it was great. It was refreshing, it was awesome. The concept of combining abilities, classes, spells, forges, and all that was awesome! It really made each playthrough even more unique, and made it so cool to combo spells with your friends in a squad. Also how each class had UNIQUE abilities, it made it so I had even more of a choice on how I played the game. A sniper/assassin? An upfront tank that shredded? Or a utility character?I came back to it today, what an absolute sh*thole it is.I honestly have nothing else to say about it. That's all it is, an empty, corroded, probably irreversible shell of what it was. Completely removing a class is always a terrible move, and well, they did it here. Reduced your abilities to only 1?? What the hell is that?? Fights are ridiculously slow now. Any character can now have any ability, now you just shredded any originality the characters had. Forge system is also just plain dumb now, not all forges are active? Why the hell? Now you just have epicenters of mass death, which will eventually result in a few people becoming ridiculously overpowered with all legendary gear. And if you try to go to one, whoops, there's a fully kitted guy waiting for you there to kill you. There's a few more things bothering me, but they're not as big as these points. Thanks for reading.
Early Access ReviewThis game was great and showed so much promise in December 2015, but then the developers made a continuous series of radical changes and crashed this once great game in to the ground.The reward system is braindead, and there is nothing "epic" about the loot.Freejam have lost the plot.
Edit(4/24/2018): I hear they are getting rid of the pay to win/play, but until I see it gone my review will stay. If it goes back to the old Robocraft, it will change.I got this game when it first came out and i thought it was good for a couple updates, then it went down hill.FAST.I quit playing this for 1 1/2 years due to the non-helpful/game inproving updates.I tried it again today (May 23 2015) found out it got worse. it went from a free to play/somewhat equal with the option to play to might as well pay to today where the only way i can see how you can really improve anymore is pay.(to get any good wepons you have to pay) Everything is overhauled. The currency, the object naming system(Its now remenicent of Steiger Tractor co. only more confusing) and now(Good or Bad) The announcer(s?) sound almost exactly like TF2. Dont drag them into this mess and run from this game.In all if you could get a version from ~1 year ago get it. This version NO.Edit: I do see steam does say this game is "mostly negative" with in the last 30 days, no surprise there, im surprised there isnt a overall "negative" rating
Early Access Review1/4 of a Thousand hours in the game :/ i used to spread the word but now as you can likely tell, Hi-rez just has one of the worst types of road maps and it just carelessly going through their "building" state while having tournemants to show everyone what that game is ... then immediatly change things after people might be intrested :/ it feel very unprofessional when following along with them since EA release, great game and mechanics ... when they or if they keep them in the game :(  used to play this daily ... no i hate even talking about how they ruined or killed my intrest in what could have overtaken some AAA BR game, as of now i wouldn't suggest wasting your time :(
Pro:-It's free....that's it.Con:-buggy-random crashes-random freezes-honestly just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DayZ rip-off (was called WarZ back in the day)-2 minute respawn timer...why?? It needs that long to log in anyway, why the f*ck do you have a respawn timer? Now I need like 5 minutes to join again and get spawnkilled...-"premium" is literally pay2winSo if you wanna get frustrated and hate yourself, then I would recommend this game.
P.O.S. nuff' said. seriously though, it gives you Single player, no racing with friends, unless of course you buy it, but wait thats not all! you also need to buy more tracks other than the TWO they give you, unless of course, you don't mind the game getting stale within a few races. cars? of course they have a couple, see that sweet ride over there you want? BAM! transaction. im surprised they don't try to sell individual wheels to you as well.
Early Access ReviewThe worst of Magic:The Gathering without the best of it.There's a few small design decisions that really ruined the game.  The size your deck must be, and how mana works, for example. It's no wonder the game faltered. Which is sad, as it has some amazing card design, UI is great, and it runs well.It's also more expensive than competing games.  You can't earn as much return in draft mode, compared to what you spent to buy into a draft, as it ends much sooner.
Animations were cool (The breaking/mining the blocks were cool). A lot of things thats already in the game that you need mods for in Minecraft. But, it didnt catch on to me, the very first few minutes of playing this game didn't hold me that tight. You need preminum for things you need sometimes, Making a new world or change some settings. I do like some concepts but i'm more to the not recommended choice.
Early Access ReviewWith the new updates Reto Moto started regional bans. When a game starts banning by region it's the begining of the end. Would not recommend this game. Reason, if you live in a part of the world they don't like, you don't play.
Early Access ReviewI haven\'t been the most avid player in thus game but I have ahd the game since close to it\'s first release. The game used to be sooooo good. The best part was the currency, the better you play the more you\'re paid. Now it\'s this stupid cycling parts thing. You get nearly no cash, and it\'s killing the game. Please make it the way it was before, I don\'t want to see this game crash and burn. There are so many pros to this game, but that one MASSIVE con is outweighing them all. I beg you, please go back to the way of earning cash that WORKED, which was the better you play, the more cash you get. In it\'s current state i cannot recommend the game and honestly not a lot of people are. Dear DEVS, if you truly care about this amazing game, you will fix this.
I played through all of the free content (Field Strip, disassembly, reassembly and operation) in less than 2 hours, 90% of the achievements are unobtainable unless you purchase premium credits, the credit to dollar ratio makes this game not worth putting money into, this was a sad attempt at a pay-to-play
It's an interesting game and it can teach you a lot about the architexture of guns, but for those who are interested in it more for being a 3D Dictionary of Guns and Gun parts, this is a Moneygrab and too big a time-waster. Pros: Unlockable, very detailed assortment of Guns for your viewing pleasure and curiousity, has features of a game.Cons: The list of guns isn't all that big.It takes too much time to unlock all guns/models if you just want to look at a specific gun.Game offers expensive moneygrab DLC, which doesn't unlock certain features/models.Game doesn't let you play offline.Conclusion: Too cumbersome to be of immediate use for the itch of Gun curiousity.It's more for mobile twits despite being on the PC platform.
The idea is great and truly unique but the execution is just so poor. In this game/app all you do is click. And each time you do that you have to wait through a rather slow animation (which also affects the camera, which is annoying). Models are fairly detailed but low poly and they just look bad. Everything takes forever. Not only progression and getting new guns, but also the process of stripping the guns itself. There's stupid bugs like: pressing the mag release will for some reason not release the magazine. - you have to click the bottom of the mag to take it out. There are no 'physical" fire mode switches - you have to click a hovering button to use that function.Additionally, while stripping guns you have to follow a non-realistic path that the game forces on you. Overall it's a nice idea but the game itself sucks.
Early Access ReviewGraphics are pretty although generic, the game hitches a lot, and you are forced into PVP zones to do the main questline.  You can use peace declarations to not get attacked, but there is no grace period on the cooldowns between when the declaration expires and when you can click another from your inventory - in short, if you're being followed around by some twit farming rep who's 12 levels higher than you and fully decked out, you're boned if you just want to click ground spawns to advance the story.  If you're into PVP, just dilly I guess.  Annoying if you're not.
I exclusively play tank simulator battle. With a premium 'captured' tank you can rampage through the ennemy ranks without being noticed. This game mode is a pay to win. The fun is gone.
Aside from the baphomet symbol and sun symbol on the "dice" ads, the game is pretty much pay2win, where you fork over money to buy dice that give you greater chances to roll those winning numbers, in which case multiplayer session will be brutal, even those sessions where you choose "no gadgets" doesn't mean they won't be using the special dice, plenty of times I was so close to winning, only to be devasated at the last few moments of gameplay.  Just garbage with satanic overtures!  When you run out of tokens, no way to play anymore sessions, unless you fork over money, or wait till the next day for a lucky handout, if anything at all!
i actually like this game. But i cant seem to stop thinkin that maybe the progression takes more time for the microtransactions to make sence. and thats a shame, since the game is fun and makes you loose time without even notice. Still could be better 
Banned for "fraudulent purchases" .Spent more than 80€ on their official store and that's how I am rewarded.Don't spend a single penny on this game.Nevertheless , the game is pretty good if you don't mind spending a lot of your time in it and if you like WW2.
Early Access ReviewI would have tried this game and kept it for most reasons as I am a huge softy for the MMO general as a whole and giving all games a fair chance/trying them for quite a while. However on a $1600 PC I was getting some of the most terrible performance issues imaginable, enough to completely ruin any experience I could have possibly had. I understand there are many other issues with this game, but if some people can barely play this because of how poorly it runs, no one will even try.
Extremely toxic community. The way Hi-Rez does their removal is with reports. But if you single que into a group then they can automatically report and get your account banned just because they are a group and reports are only logged when groups report. They wont investigate they will take action before even looking at the game or logs.
This game looked interesting so I decided to give it a try.  I play single player and after a couple of hours this game became tedious and boring.  I have a logical mind and one of my first issues with the game is that the crafting recipes are dumb.  Some of the recipes have redundant materials like needing bedrock and stone slabs(made from bedrock or other stone types) which are the same material. An example of this is the obsidian mining cell.  Some of the recipes have requirements that don't even make sense like needing mushrooms and/or flowers for a component type item.  The obsidian mining cell is an example of this as well.  This redundant and unnecessary material requirement affects a lot of the recipes that I have unlocked at this point.  The point seems to be to force exploration.  If you want me to explore, give me something worth finding not dumb recipe requirements.Another issue is that you waste resources because you must craft an item to unlock the next recipe.  An example of this is I wanted stone windows for my building so I had to craft wood windows first to unlock the stone window recipe.  Now I have a set of wood windows that I will not use and those resources are wasted.I'm not impressed with the combat mechanics of the game either.  All of the creatures I fought so far have a wide area attack and you must be very close to even get a hit.  The weapons do little damage and on multiple occasions I ended up running for my life.  Your default weapon is stick.  No joke, it's a stick and it's worthless.  The first upgrade is a wooden sword and it's not much better.The storage units are inadequate in the game due to all of the resources you must collect.  Each storage upgrade from the basic wood chest that I unlocked only had about 8 more slots each.  Not really worth the upgrades.The game also pushes paid content.  If you want to fly, you must upgrade to Pro.  If you want the nice building blocks, you must buy the DLC.  The developer seems to be trying to make a lot of money very quickly.To me, the game seems to be targeted at children due to its comic style creatures and feel.  In summary, If you're willing to pay for Pro, the multiplayer may be fun, but the content is just too limited for single player and as previously stated gets tedious and boring very quickly.  To a logical mind, the recipe system just doesn't make sense. On a positive note, the graphics are nice.  This is the only feature that I feel is better than Minecraft (no contest).If you have a logical mind like myself, I don't recommend this game.  Other mindsets may find it likeable.
This game is really bad, took me 100+ hours to realize this game is crap. Crash all the time, has a lot o bugs, bad optimization. Only played it for nostalgia, but it's not enough anymore.
This is a F***ing terrible game.  Why dont you buy premium!!!!  Why dont you buy premium!!!!  Why dont you buy premium!!!!  Why dont you buy premium!!!!  Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!! Why dont you buy premium!!!!
Early Access ReviewA bad magic clone full of all the same mistakes made by its antiquated predecessor: Mana Flood/Screw. Mid game dead draws due to useless excess mana cards in order to try and prevent the aforementioned. Its gorgeous to look at. But it plays exactly like the game they cloned to make it. And with the devs deviding their time between this and the equally clunky Hearthstone cash-in called Elder Scrolls Legends, neither game gets updates nearly quickly or reliably enough, and neither game has anything truly unique to offer.
Early Access ReviewCan't recommend the game right now. (EDIT below)To name a few reasons why:- The game is unoptimized. Heavily. Probably the most unoptiomized game I've played in years. The graphics and visuals are okay, but even when you have a 1080ti - i7 - 16GB of Ram and good HDD, it stutters, lags, textures take a bit to load every time on characters, menus seem to stutter the game when you open them.- The server issues are bad, too. Frequent disconnects, I've tried on both 20/20 and 50/50 VDSL. Didn't matter one bit. If there are too many connections, there's good chance you'll be stuck at Splash screen, no matter your connection. The game doesn't try to reconnect again and you're forced to restart the game. That might also happen if you randomly disconnect after finally getting in, so ATM you have a chance to be one of the lucky ones to not be disconnected, or be the unlucky ones who gets to play 20mins out of 4h you spend logging in.- The translation is pretty bad. I suppose it could be forgiven, if the devs didn't say they spent 60 millions on getting the game to NA/EU.- The combat system was dumbed down. If you're looking for an experience similiar to BDO or even Tera, you won't get it, not afaik anyway. I looked and looked and couldn't find the "action combat" option in menus, while it was there in JP version. Right now the NA/EU version has tab targetting, and sometimes it doesn't work.- The voice over half the time sounds like it was recorded in a bathroom with an old mic too close to mouth, it's terrible.I think that's all. And if the devs really improve the optimization, server issues and translations, I'd happily change this review and try the game again, but ATM, for the price, Bless Online is not worth leaving other MMO's for.EDIT: - The game is still broken AF. The recent nerf of damage brought all classes to 50-75% DMG nerf which makes main story quests undoable as DPS.- The marketplace is set in the same way as GW2 marketplace. There are no set prices.- There is no account-shared storage. Also there is no player-to-player trading.- The game has HUGE memory leak, taking 7-13GB of RAM when just on.Here's a report of doing the first lvl 13 Dungeon as 4 classes, two dps, tank and healer.https://steamcommunity.com/app/681660/discussions/0/1696048879945286409/ 
Early Access ReviewWhen i began to play the game it was nice. Grinding to unlock new weapons and upgrades and sometimes even good teamwork. Even pay to win and the spawn killing tanks did not bother me too much.I played this game for 249 hours so i have seen many changes in the game some good some bad.I like to play with the bolt action rifles and i had unlock the sniper rifle i just needed 10000 credits to buy it.But after the last big patch ( 7 july ) you can only get the sniper rifle if you are recon.You can unlock two 4x scopes for the bolt action rifle but it is at the end of the new bolt action ribbon.But what really annoyed me was the if you are moving the bolt action rifle will not fire you have to stop to shoot.And in this game movement is life so as a rifle men you will die constantly.So after two days of playing with the new patch i have come to the conclusion that they broke this game.If you like to use only SMG and LMG this game is for you.If there is an other great patch i will play it to see if they fixed it.But for me at this moment it is over, i'm done with this game. 
Uses peer exchange BY DEFAULT to download updates. ISP auto blacklists me everytime I try to play since torrents use the same connection to download files. You CAN turn this off, but a game this popular should use it's own dedicated download servers by default, not a peer exchange system. I shouldn't need to boot up VPN software just to be able to play this game (to turn off peer exchange). Otherwise, light pay-to-win mechanics in an otherwise very fun game.
Great idea but full of bugs and crashes. Many of the quests are not able to be completed due to crashes every time to try and finish them. Then you get to start them over and they crash at the exact place again and again...Dont bother installing unless you like alot of frustration in your life.Thumbs down.....
Combat is stale.Classes are stale.Customization is alrightRaids are stale.Community is full of kids.Repetitive and unrewarding at high levels (bad combo)Gear rarity is ♥♥♥♥ed, Common is common, Uncommon is common, Rare is common, Epic is common, Legendary is common, shadow is uncommon, Rainbow is uncommonThe only good thing is the building. 
English: this game makes no sense - I bought property and a player who landed on it instead of paying rent was able to buy it from game even though I owned it haha , that's not how it works in real life lol ... monopoly is betterPolish: gra bez sensu, bo kupilem 2 domki i gracz co po mnie stanal na tym polu zamiast placic mi za wynajem, to odkupil miasto bez mojej zgody XDDD tak sie nie dzieje w rzeczywistosci... monopoly jest lepsze :)
Early Access Reviewbe carful! it installes gaijin.net. program that cant be uninstalled and auto start itself with windows.asnwer only this simple question: why gaijin.net dosent come with uninstaller?
Train the dragons1.It is very bad at loading takes 10+mins to load a page.2.Takes to long to grow ur dragon.3.Should not have have to buy member.4.It is a bit laggy.5.It is hard to no where u are meant to go even with the arrow to help u.6.Contals are a bit hard for dragon,not to much for ur human.1.Dragons are awesome!.2.Humans are good maybe better.I recommend the game if u wanna wait 10+mins for 1 page tom come if not do don't use up ur time.
The good:The game itself is great.Beautiful hero modelsOptimization is excellent.Great voice actingEverything in the game can be accessed without purchasing anything.The bad:The communityI've been playing Dota 2 since closed beta and it was obviously beta (better) than it is today. That was the time when there were no cosmetic items and no ranked matchmaking. People back then only focus on enjoying (and testing) the game. Now, because of this ranked MMR, everyone's picking carries, thinking we can win the game with four hard carries. I've given up.
Early Access Reviewthis was my new favorite game to play on steam, heavy emphasis on WAS. idk why the devs had to go and screw this game up by putting ♥♥♥♥♥ women in it. until it goes back to how it was, uninstalling.
## WARNING! ##Long post incoming.. First of all, in game description they say: "Thousands of players.." In my opinion there are about 2500 players active. In every 3-5 battles you start noticing the same names in the list. When i started playing the game, there was player counter showing 13k-15k online players. As soon as there was 8000 and lower, developers removed the counter. I wonder why? I have played the game over several years (about 1400 hours in steam and even before it came to steam), i have seen many updates, many hotfixes and nerfs. I can say that:#This game is dying.#Developers ARE NOT listening the community. #Developers don't really know what they are doing. (Best example: creating tons of skins over 1.5 years and yet not a single new assault map) #Developers ARE allied biased (USA & SU) and taking things personally when someone is adressing questions about German faction / Nazis. #And the biggest f**kup is the 1.12 update the developers rushed in, unfinished, unpolished, unreal. The last update is the reason for this review. Till this point i hoped that game is getting better, but i was mistaken. Only reason why this game is still alive, is because its free. Developers, fix your game and listen players who have at least 1000 hours of gameplay in their account.
On one hand, the gameplay is really great. It feels halfway between Magic and Hearthstone, and the interactions between cards are really deep and interesting. You have to think quite hard about how to solve problems. The quests feel unique and are fun!On the other hand, it very much feels pay-or-grind-for-years-to-play. It's really frustrating to be continually paired against players with dozens of legendary cards at the lowest ranks, because those cards are SO powerful.If you're just starting out, it's probably not worth it, you'll be slaughtered by all the players with their existing collections, unless you're willing to spend $100+ on some core cards and expansions. Which is a real shame.
1: Selects "Open World"2: Creates a character3: Loads to (presumably) the pre-launch screen4: "Ready" displayed but no actual launch button5: Uninstal7/Dec/2018 Update6: Servers crash on clicking: "join" even when practically empty (0-5 players)
Early Access Reviewabsolute â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing garbage game, they started off good but then they â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ed this game to absolute oblivion. taking out classes and making it so you can get legendary weapons from chests is actually â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥
It seems fun when you start, that is, until you hit the pay-to-win wall. People follow 1 of 5 decks which basically win every match and that's the game. Pay up to get the best cards in packs and win without effort, follow everything everyone else does or never win. Frankly, it's quite boring after the "wow yugioh card game!!" feeling passes.
If you played and/or play the normal "Yu-gi-oh" card game, i do not recommend this. Its a sad immitation. Don't get me wrong its oddly enjoyable, i mean i put in 6 hours into it, and if it was bad i would a dropped in with less then 30 minutes, but its not something i can take seriously.min :-play ranked/classic battle always disconnect and ask me to reboot (fix your connection error issue on pvp konami !! )-no balanced pvp (bronze rank vs gold rank are u kidding me!!! ♥♥♥♥ konami)-to many card -buy card must use diamond or trade (so for what there is gold)and last I have played many different Yu-gi-Oh!. This one has many card included, so it could be nice, but with just 3 spaces each for monsters and spell+trap cards, this just ruins the game. The game is meant to be played with many monsters (effects) and spells, trap cards in play and 3 spaces each just doesn't cut it. Maybe they would change it later but now it is just boring. to bad
Early Access ReviewSuper snowbally matches, too many pushed legendaries that require 4x of, mana screw honestly seems even worse than in MTG. Rewards are nice I guess but that doesn't matter because you'll just keep losing to super over-curve legendaries. Ladder is also extremely boring. At least they nerf cards more than Hearthstone. I don't really recommend this game as it offers nothing new to an already saturated card game market.
Early Access ReviewWhelp, what started as a hopeful replacement for the terrible current meta in hearthstone, i have put enough hours into this game's ranked play to conclude it's even more poorly balanced than yugioh, and even very low ranks are infiltrated with decks and players far in excess of what their "rank" belies. I'm strongly familiar with MTG as i have decades of experience playing it and am no slouch with strategy, timing, counterplay, bluffing, etc. While i credit this game for having the kind of depth that hearthstone lacks, it is a shame that the game is otherwise wrecked by awful balancing and match making. There are some absurdly powerful decks and combinations, and wouldn't you know it, 5/6 players you meet are playing cookie cutter top meta builds. This is identical in nature to hearthstone where players with 52+% win rate decks intentionally concede their way to lower ranks for the purposes of easier grinding of in game currency and quest completions off potentially lesser skilled players YET should they be interested in players of comporable decks and skill they need not procede up the ranks, as everyone is right there with them at the bottom. This game continues to suffer from the usual issues you can expect from a MTG knock-off (mana-flood/drought) happening way more often than one would think possible, and utterly avoidable considering the digital formating, the games quickly devolve into whom can be first to inact their imbalanced strategy or who is last to fail to achieve the power resources they need. This game's design philosophy seems mired in a swamp of developer ideas of "what would happen if we made late game strategies possible by turn 2?' Genius. Also, Pay2win in the extreme. Not recommended for casuals and non-whales.
I am a very old payer of this game, ever since WildShadow owned it and there was the old forums. This game used to be amazing, fun, interactive and enjoyable. You had to put time into the game to get anywhere, and even then you could lose it all in one death. Regardless of that, it hooked almost all players of this game who were willing to put 5+ hours a week. Personally, I was very addicted to this game during 2011 and 2012. Then, doomsday came: Kabam bought Realm of The Mad God. Everything was transformed into buying gold to achieve things. Back in the old days, you had to grind dungeons to get an incantation to just maybe get a tier 12 item in the wine cellar. Now, just buy realm gold and get tier 12 items in nexus. It's â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ed up.Unless you're rich as â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ and don't care about money, don't get this game.
Early Access ReviewNot bad for a free game, but the weapon balance on the game sucks.  vehicles are horible. It is in beta and i hope they fix the game mechanics to be more realistic and balanced.
normaly i am ok with pay to play./ pay to win but this is taking the♥♥♥♥♥♥every animal u see the screen pops up i just wanted to kill like 1 thing.. i mean after hours of walking that what anyone would want, u do get some free ones but i never found any in my 7 hours of play.
Yes Its fun to play all the thing.but its getting old fashion to do the same thing over and over again.until they make all the game play in to one big map playable i have to give it a down vote
Well, as a substitute to Monopoly, it's good, although it does have problems:a) When given the option to start a new table, I usually take it, as it's a good way for players to customise a game for their friends, but this usually ends in joining a full table anyway, making the option pointless. And when you join a full game, occasionally you aren't able to leave, practically forcing you to play a game you don't want to take part in.b) The game needs a chat function, emojis aren't enough, especially when a player is taking forever to rollc) The bots. A HUGE PROBLEM, THEY ARE PRETTY MUCH IMPOSSIBLE TO DEFEAT. It's like they entered God Mode or something and it's genuinely annoying.Recommend this game should changes be made
I liked the game, until i got sent back to my vault the whole time when i tried to enter the quest. That means, i can not start a new quest and just lost my best weapons and armors because this piece of crap thinks its funny to load the vault instead of the quest.
Only if you can deal with the awwwwfuullll!! interface.  Gotta love free games!  Only cool when you finaly start battling.  Way too many currencies and "collect these" "collect those"
Since they never send you the registration email you can never play ,and there is no way to ask it to resend the registration email. So don't wast your Hard Drive space on this Dud!
Game was fun - except game support, admins etc. I started to play this game because my friend was playing it. I downloaded it and started to learn things with my friend. After few days, I got BANNED, because of " CHEATING". I tought that it was probably a mistake and I contacted their support team. But..my ban remained, and they replied me, that I use CHEATS. The fact is, that I DONT, and even my ingame kill damage is very low, I am a noob, but still.. " I'm cheating". LOL.
[JUST AN INTERACTIVE SCREENSAVER]I have played 18+ hrs and I really wanted to like it ... but I failed.The reason is, that this is more of an interactive screensaver than a real game.PROS:+ Fallout lore+ it's freeCONS:- everything elseMost of the gameplay time you just CLICK CLICK CLICK on the rooms to collect power/water/food. The combat is totally LAME and random. And for the rest of the time you just stare at few rooms of your Vault and wait to CLICK CLICK CLICK to collect resources.The "game" gets somehow better with quests and item crafting, but that forces you to buy NukaCola for REAL CASH to speed up travelling and crafting. Otherwise you have to wait REAL HOURS for your team to reach the quest destination (and eventuelly get their asses kicked hard in stupid combat). If you are OK with this, just play the game.If you want an interesting micro-management game with strategic combat, then avoid Fallout Shelter.
Very steep learning curve compared to other games.  Have just done a few of the training missions.  Did one in the Russian plane first and was beyond annoyed at the alarm that kept going off and didn't know how to shut it off. Having the walk through talk about that would be very helpful, maybe i just didn't get to that part.My one biggest issue so far is that the training messages that pop up to explain what the narrator says disappear after 30 seconds so you have to read quick and pay attention.  Once they are gone you can't bring them back up to reference them so you either have to mess around with the plane controls or restart that section of training.   It woud be nice for them to stay up until I hit the space bar to continue the lesson.  I would reccomend this game but will give it a thumbs down for making the training harder than it needs to be by simply causing the messages to disappear when they are still needed.  If there is a way to fix this in game or in a future update I will gladly change my review.
Early Access ReviewThe balance of weapon are SCREWED after the introduction of shotgun !!!Assuming no energy recharge :As of now,for shotgun you could do 3.4 shots before your energy is depleted.On paper,that's almost 870K damage !!!lets look at other weapon:top rail : 2.6 shots,just over 212K damagetop smg : 18.5 shots,just over 447K damagetop plasma : 2.9 shots,just over 266K damagetop tesla : 6.9 hits,just over 705K damageLOML : 5.2 shots,just over 193K damageFLAK(exclude air target bonus) : 9.2 shots,just over 292K damagePSK : 67 shots,just over 147K damageShotgun's damage is ~165K higher than the only melee weapon in the game,what kind of balance is this !!look at the above chart,without shotgun,the balancing is alright.every weapon sit in its own area to let player to choose form different playing styleTesla the melee --> the omni-purpose SMG --> anti-air FLAK --> projectile with explosion radius plasma --> long range rail --> auto lock fire and forget LOML --> rapid fire PSKafter putting shotgun into the equation,it's SCREWED !! its absolutly DOMINATING in close combat !!most player use SMG/tesla as their secondary armament,but it wont matter now.cuz shotgun is way way way too OP.it got range further than tesla,highest damage of all weapon, and it also got a spread that can wipe out part of your bot perhaps your weaponary in ONE shot(on paper shotgun is 250K damage per shot) !!NIce job on the balance of weapon freejam !!P.S. This review is written on 5th May 2016 and subject to change if and only if the weapon have been re-balance 
Early Access Reviewso i started playing this game on the 24th of april 2016. it was great. the robot ranks ensured i only fought against people in a similer level to me and it was fun. there was a pay to win element but it was mostly unintrusive as you earned money from battling which you could use to buy the the things you wanted for you bot from a store. It WAS good. sadly this is not the case any more.as of todays 28th of april patch the only reliable way to obtain the items you want is to pay for currency and buy them, instead of being awaded cash to buy items at the end of a round you are now given crates on completetion of a battle which contain random mostly crappy items. there is no more robot ranking and you will quite often be matched with people that are so far beyond your level that you might aswell just not respawn. you can still buy the things you want for you bot . but to get the money to do that you have to scrap the random crappy parts that it gives you from crates, but the scrap value of those parts is so low as to be almost not even worth it. really the only way to reliably obtain a specific item now is to pay RL money for a bunch of high end crates so you can scrap them for the money to buy the thing you want. AVOID THIS GAME UNTIL THE DEVS TONE BACK THE BULLFUNK PAY TO WIN UNBALANCED SHATFEST THAT IT IS NOW
Maybe I'm just salty,but I cant even boot the game. I have to download it or whatever and the download is way too slow. It tells me to retry again and again. And try it in a better location. I cant improve my internet signal. Everything else seems to be working peachy except for this game that cant even boot. Download 125/304.  I started this damn thing in 12:00. Its 17:00/5pm. IT STILL DIDNT DOWNLOAD. This game is rubbish. Aparently it says I ''played'' 6 hours of this game. Which is capital BS. I cant open it. 6 hours of wait of nothing. I could have waited more. But I cant mute the terrible looping music and I cant stand it. My ''gameplay'' consists of viewing who voice acted who. Short character descriptions. And flipping cards.
Early Access ReviewThis game is broken, when you have a flak you are OP. and when you are a lower level you need to play so much games to finally get something good that is worth something. when i open crates i get the cosmetic stuff that when i buy it it is worth 20k but when i sell it i only get 8... that isnt right in my head.i liked the game a while ago so please make it like the old one. or fix these problems 
Early Access ReviewI can no longer say I enjoy this game. The developers update it much too fast and take too many of the features we liked from the game, adding new ones that made it unenjoyable. Unless they decide to revert it back to an earlier version, or at least remove some of these godawful new features, I can not recommend this game.
So I have been playing this game for a while and i will tell you this: If you want a game where you have to playe 10 hours to get a handgun or a game where you can pay tons of money to buy a handgun this is the game for you but otherwise this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ 
First few tiers are fun, but the game has so many balance issues it's not even funny. On top of that there are so many horrible design decisions that despite playing to many hours I can only recommend you stay away. It's a bit of a drug, but I still wouldn't recommend you do cocaine...
Pay to win! You can't even play to have fun, game forces you into matches with people who have paid and have all the cards to win.  Without paying, I'd guess 500-1000 hours are required to compete, do not support these card games!!!Stop being whales, force companies to give card games that have all of the cards!
Early Access ReviewEh.. How do I put this.I know it's early access but If it's an MMO that has a pretty close release date I shouldn't be able to hit max level and get almost best gear in the game in the span of two days. Most armor seems to be cosmetic which is okay but one you have what you like there's very little reason to go further. You could spend thousands of gold on Royal Talon armor; if you really want stuff to do. Once you have Nightlocke weapons though you pretty much seen everything this game has to offer (Which I gotta tell you; isn't much).The cool things like Shadow Wolf Form and other Transformations; you know the things that might actually set this apart from the average MMO are unfortunately locked behind Kickstarter goals and pretty hefty ones at that. Movement is kind of janky still, combat is shallow despite the appeal of being able to change classes on the fly and almost multiclass. The UI is atrocious. Style is cute but the graphics themselves are very bright and almost painful to look at in some areas. Quests are beyond repetitive in the sense of you have to talk to the same npc 5 times in some cases, go and kill the same mobs at least 3 more times that the NPC wanted you to kill the first time around because they now need a different part of the monster (Seriously dude, I was just over there killing Flying eyes for Mana gizzards, now you want tears from them too? Why couldn't I have gotten that beforehand?!)Drickens are still cute, so it's got that going for it. I guess.
I've been playing this game since early 2013. I love this game, but I do not like the predatory business model Gaijin is continually shifting towards. Gaijin has always done ♥♥♥♥♥♥ things, but the ammount of money squeezing has ramped up more and more lately. A company openly mocking it's customers for complaining about such things isn't something that should be tolerated. I think I'm done with this game until some major changes come through with the monetization/progression system as well as Gaijin's attitude towards the community.
Early Access ReviewLoved it untill the new update.. Everything is unbalacned, they tried to "Balance" certain points in the game such as German airplanes dominatig everyone, and they just made it worse.The new update sucks in everyway imaginable, except for the new characters and stuff, which are btw, overpowerd like sh*t!i LOVED this game so much i would give it 5 stars and even i donated to the development, but honestly, they just really dissapointed me
Early Access Reviewhonestly feels like worse than pre-alpha, its unfinished and a mess, its also a mobile game.I like how the first thing they made sure was finished were the microtransactions, half of the houses and locations in the first town bring up "in progress" messages, honestly feels very genericCash grab, plain and simple
This game used to be amazing, I loved it! I binged it due to the fact that you could drop  in and out on a fly, play with your friends, and Valve Public Servers were easy to get in to. The queue times now take forever, casual servers are irritating to play on! This modernization that the developers are implementing is cutting the head off of the hydra. Eventually it'll run out of heads and this game will crash and burn. Before, I loved it, it was my favourite game, but now I don't want to touch this game with a 10 foot pole. RIP Team Fortress 2. :(
do not bother with this one. not because u cant have fun all the naysayers aside...it's because nnnnnnnnnnnnnooooooooooo is plating it. not since early Feb have i been able to find more than 8-22 players in the queue.that doesnt cut it. u have to have 14 players with the same tier level to even get a match. AINT happening lately.waits averaging 2-10 minutes and still nothing. STEAM can drop this and ill suc up the loss. why players have left STEAM on this one is unknown....but i can guess.pass it byand dont spend money on it.amen.
this games sucks, the internet connection for this game is worse. so definitely this game sucks then some times the game crashes. so dont play this game otherwise you will regret it. i hope they will fix this because it is a very good game so pls fix that.
Free to pay!As much as I'd like to love this game (because I love the movies), I just can't. The game falls very short in my opinion for two main reasons. The first is that at times the controls can be frustratingly cumbersome, especially during flight. Sometimes it takes a while to register a turn or boost, but maybe this is just due to timing.The second is that you're bombarded with advertisements for membership, additional perks and boosts, which I'm really not interested in and probably do little to actually enhance the game itself. I don't mind a bit of advertising; these, however, are in your face, particularly on the loading screens, which I like to contain USEFUL in-game information, such as hints or history.There's nothing wrong with micro-purchasing in a game. It's down to how well it's presented that counts and, unfortunately, it seems that a lot of the items or areas are unlockable only if you pay, thereby limiting the actual amount of freedom you do get to explore. While you can explore freely to an extent, it's pretty linear in that you must follow the path set out for you and play through before you can really move onto the next.One good thing about the game is that you can choose between solo and multiplayer, but after awhile it becomes samey and I quickly lost interest. Sad because it has the potential to be a great game.
i downloaded this game just to say how much it sucks, also i been waiting 4 hours now for it to come out of 'maintenance' ..... anyways, all the positive reviews are from fake accounts just check for yourself. also not pay to win then why do they offer micro transactions that offer a slight boost to leveling???? last i knew thats pay to win if you pay real money and level faster??????? what a joke, this game is trash, chane my mind.
Every patch seems to make this game worse, they still have broken matchmaking after 3 years and they almost never fix anything.Community interaction is horrible and the dev team seems to be entirely discontected and isolated from the playerbase.Don't get invested TBH, it's disappointing.
Early Access ReviewWell supposedly I've played this for 557 hrs.. All I did was leave my laptop running for days on end. I forgot about it :) Anyways, the game is fun because you get to build a robot and shoot other robots. From what I gather from other reviews, it has a pay to play feature which I highly dislike. It takes a ton of time to get anywhere and you're paired with random people not at all in your skillset compared to what you've built/unlocked. So it could be a fun game, but really it's just frustrating.
Before I get into it let me just say I tried every example on the web to restore content. There is nothing that works. Needless to say, my vault deleted itself. Nearly spent the same amount of time trying to fix the problem as I played in hours. Sure it's free to play so I guess that is an excuse, right?
I really don't prefer this genre of game. This is the type of game my brother lost his job to. (World of Warcraft) I'd rather not get addicted plus I didn't have fun playing it anyway.
After 7.20, if you don't play the meta characters right now, you won't win.  Team  comps at higher levels look well rounded.  Towards the bottom tiers, they whole team needs to be carries, and only meta-carries. The majority of players are low tier, so this is most of the players' experiece.  The recent buff to certain characters make some supports one-hit killers late game and other broken.  I used to think this game was better than League because the various build paths and play styles, but it seems like you must go a certain path to win games and only that path.  If you want to play various characters that might not be meta and still have a shot at winning, don't play this version of DOTA 2.  Go play league or another moba that is growing.  This game doesn't satisfy like it used to and by the way they've been making changes it doesn't look like it will change in a better direction soon.  Uninstall and come back a couple years later.
I have a pretty good computer, and even with all the graphics turned to the lowest, it was still unusably laggy.1/10, realistic hunting sim? huh, I must have missed it when hunting irl had lag...
dont be fooled by my hours this game is pretty much pay to win many of my friend quit this game because it require money to fully enjoy the game.Ice burners and Icy Fossils are so stupid, you wouldnt get a thing its better playing kr version since u have high chance getting ib pieces. cash accesory are useless it does give stats but so useless. this game is not f2P more like Pay to play. I rather play kritika online and vindictus and DFO since this game require so much money to play just to be overpowered. peeps if you think this is good game nope, Play those game i recommended instead of this. if only KOG is not greedy and make everything easier and sell items cheap im and lot of free stuff im pretty sure you have more players than now. no wonder grandchase close because of everything was expensive.
Great game to pass the time, but don't take it too seriously. If you don't spend money be prepared to grind, ALOT. Though if you like the game it won't be bad! People who pay are at a major advantage, having the ability to instantly get the best vehicles and weapons and then training crew members. You can achieve this for free with thousands of hours of work.Balancing is also this way and that, with the russian nation heavily favored by the Russian developers.
I play dota since Warcraft 3 era and then moved to dota 2, which is I admired. I didn't have any problem with the game back then. But since the 7.00 update, I find that it ruins the game. Only play the 7.00 patch for 3 hours.  Maybe it will be nice if Valve release dota 2 classic version.
Its hard to recommend the game when you have questionable players I have just recently played against in versus match. I was unable to find where to contact a moderator about the match.
Do you like fidgit spinners?Do you like the banality of monotony?If you hate joy and achievement you will love this game!Look, I casually played this while doing other things. It's very lame. How is this a game?click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click cli- KILL ME!!I took one for the team. Please keep looking elsewhere for fun.
Just finished the game and while it does have quite an atmosphere to go on as well as the music, the game do become rather repetetive with the rooms. From what I understand the rooms that are not scripted are randomized and yield different results.The specimens were unique in their own ways, but they weren't too much of an issue once you understand how each work and can deal with them with rather ease.The stories that you learn throughout the game have no lasting appeal in the game, they happen and once you get past one it's over and is forgotten suddenly.Playing through the game by making it past 1000 rooms is not worth it, you're not rewarded with the endeavours you go through, it's basically just a non-standard game over anyway where you accomplish nothing, i.e., just a bad ending.On another note, it is indeed for free so you could give the game a go and see for yourself whether you'd like the game or not. This game, however, just isn't my cup of tea.
Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewI really enjoyed this game.  I loved experimenting with new bots and being creative.  Several updates came and I did my best to adapt and still had fun.  This loot system update has ruined the game for me.I cannot it seems adapt to the new (lack of) tier system and my lowbe bots get zapped by bots way out of their designed league.The drops are crap parts tht I could have bought after one match in the old system, and frankly I don't need stupid mech masks as I don't play mechs. Even the 'good' boxes drop junk.I dropped RL cash on the game to help out, and now I wish that I hadn't.I am uninstalling and looking for a new ddiction.
So, I've put 1,586 hours in to this game and I have a story for you. I kill this one plane going down then I get shot at by someone else. He kills my engine and almost my pilot, so I have no power and control, but I see 3 planes in front of me, so I kill 2 of them and about to kill the 3rd plane and I get shot down by a friendly AAA gun. This game was so nice back at 2013 or so I saw on videos of Long5hot, but now it's so broken that game it's getting more and more worse by the day.So don't try to tell me that this is a good game, because it's not at the moment. The P51D was added back in 2013, I think. It was broken then and still broken now. Don't even get me started on the Panther 2. I can't recommend this game with the way it is right now.
Early Access Reviewgood gameuninstalled because was bored has downloaded and hidden the launcher which updates the game constantly and opens upon startupcan delete but too lazy as i know iâ€™ve gotta go pretty far to get rid of it
Early Access ReviewComplete joke of a game. Used to be fun, then the update arrived that added crates instead of a steady progression system... Now those that managed to get to max level before the switch have all the high level 'epic' rated items that hardly ever drop in crates, and the matchmaking is even more ♥♥♥♥ed as there is no challenge system stopping high level players from stomping newbies. Terrible game, atrocious balance, and poor choices by devs. Maybe if they fix the matchmaking and don't push the pay 2 win ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t I'll be back, but it's unlikely, considering there are much better similar games out already. Don't get me wrong, it was an alright game with a nice building /combat system and I enjoyed many hours of play with it, but since this update I've uninstalled it and never looked back. A damn shame it's just turned into another p2w toilet box.
Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewWent from havings lots of money to almost nothing after the last update. About 8+ million to the equivalent of just over about 200-400k and thats being generous. It takes sometime to grind it out too. There was no point in completely changing what was already good and taking away my hard earned in game money. Do not play this game.
This game is probably the worst I have ever played. First of all the graphics are worse than minecraft. Then there is the whole sprinting thing, even while "sprinting" you go as fast as my grandma after thanksgiving. Terrible gameplay too you can hunt about 5 animals without paying a ridiculous amount to hunt other animals. -100/10
This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I played for an hour and figured out that you need to 'Pay to Play'. The only things I like is the graphics. I've wasted 2 hours of my time and I don't want  anyone else to waste theres.
This game made me lose my love for yugioh, The events have no good match making so whoever you fight they have decks that can win with one turn, makes the game completely unfun and joyless. I've fought all the same decks and really... just not fun at all.
A pretty nice P2W Hasbro™'s Monopoly™ copycat. A P2W copycat, of the "hardly bearable ca$hgrab" type, to be precise.Can help ya' kill some of your spare time, tho. Obviously this depends on how much you do value your available time. You'll eventually find out. ᖗ ͡°ᨎ ͡°ᖘ
coming back to this game after a year or so sounded nice but when i realize that all the♥♥♥♥♥♥i payed for with real cash is now gone... that just really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, so id say 100 to 200 $$$$$$ GONE and WASTED. the said thing is my dumb♥♥♥♥♥dont know how to get ahold of them to see if it can get fixed.. why try anyways sense the♥♥♥♥♥♥was takin off my account..... For God Knows Whyyy???????????? PS. had to ♥♥♥♥♥ about this some where
Early Access ReviewNo. It's trash. Play Alliance of Valiant Arms, it's free. If your computer can't run it then play Crossfire it's free too. Anything but this. But stay away from Combat Arms.
It's a nice game but the Controls if you play with a mouse is a buggy nightmare plus theres a lot of complints about the corrupt saved files.  You want to play this game?  Install Bluestacks and play it at it's full potential without those problems steam version is garbage!
A friend of mine emailed them about gods being unbalanced/op. What he got as an answer was a snooty "delete your account". This really made me lose all the interest i ever had in hi-rez games. Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ you Hi-rez.
This game is still not fun. I've plays lots of card games, and this is by far the most frustrating of all of them. On the plus side its completely grindable with free play, so knock yourself out if you enjoy getting angry at a video game.
Hi. I have tried to get on Bless but unfortunately the log on page wont load. I changed the simple ui in my options page as it said for the settings yet it wont take me to the game itself. You would think that if people were serious about getting players interested in playing their game they would not force them to only play through the online area instead of accessing it on their computer or through steam icon. So far all i see is a lot of hoops to jump through that goes no where. A waste of effort and time and when a company goes to so much effort to make things harder for the players to access things, or hide info, it is a huge warning sign off the bat without even stepping one foot in the game yet. Shame too for it looks like it might have had potential.
Early Access Reviewthis game seems to have a lot of potential but in its curent state its a drag to play, having a mouse control instead of your left and right camera movement bound to A and D would be nice and your abilities would be easier to hit if they were bound to Q E R F and G instead of 1 2 3 4 and 5, the in game menu system is difficult to use and the game doesnt have good support for higher resolutions. i will give this game a try after a patch or two howeverEdit: new settings added made the game a little less infuriating to play, it looks like it could be fun exept theres NO MOUSE SUPPORT. you cant have a 3D game without mouse support it feels like im driving a tank around. thank got you can remap the strafe buttons which STILL ARENT A AND D for some reason. still a no on the recommend from me
Product received for freeEarly Access Reviewthe game used to be really fun. now its just kinda broken. Loot systems promote high level players grinding low level players for stuff, so if you're new to the game, expect a bad time
There's Barely Anyone on the game at all, and the loading time takes a millenieum to even join the damn game! This attempt to cash-in at a free2play multiplayer game is an epic fail in my case! This game sucks and there's no reason to waste your computer memory on this monstrosity in the first place!
So... I've played this game for a measly 6 hours, yet here I am, writing a negative review.First of all, I'm not hardcore into TCGs. I kinda like them but they're not my main gaming focus. I've tried dozens of TCGs, including classics like Magic. But the one I mainly got stuck on was Infinity Wars, at least for some time. I dropped IW due to a massive lack of polish and then the occasional luckstomps. Sure you can't avoid luckstomps entirely in games like this, but not losing a game due to gamebreaking bugs would be nice.In general I liked the gaming concept of IW however, and thus I came here thanks to steams recommendations.So what is my beef with ES:L, so much so I feel I have to give the thumbs down and move on after a measly 5 hours?Let's talk lanes and targeting first. Similar to IW, ES:L has 2 lanes (some very rare rounds have 1). Very unlike IW lanes here only roughly restrict your targeting. There is no pre-set attack order and turns are not simultaneous, so you can hit everything in your lane, but also the enemy if he/she doesn't have a unit with guard.Some lanes also have RNG effects which are nice at first, and simply annoying and pesky later.Now the purpose of this is putting depth into card placements. Basically the question is put your cards in the way of enemy team A or B? Exploit effect A or B?Effectively though this brings tons of problems with it, combined with the other factors. The balance between defending and rushing is extremely fragile, a bit of drawing luck from your enemy, a bit of misfortune from you, and a superior force will be gone in a single turn. And we're seriously not talking about skill here, just to be clear.Not really fun to me.Theres even one card that injures all of your units in one lane, then there's another that kills every injured unit in one lane, exacerbating this kind of problem. No caveat either, and not difficult to play. Stuff like this seems to be rather common, and if you don't have a counter... tough. It's a key-lock situation. If you have the lock deck, get familiar with the location of the concede button. Or prepare different decks for... well, anything and everything.Next we have Magicka, basically your summon resource.You use it to summon cards. That's it. No spending Magicka to draw cards, no shuffling, nothing. So you have to keep up an adequate stream of cards by having other cards that allow you to draw more. Obviously RNGeezus is gonna have a couple words with you here.If you miss your curve, draw too many high cost cards early, or not enough later on, or even better both, have fun wasting half your Magicka each turn. Have an enemy with a bit of luck and watch him spam the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you.Even midway through the campaign it was common to have fights that were entirely based on RNG, with the stampede swinging both ways. Same deck, same strategy, some times I win with 20 HP left easily, some times I lose with enemy having 20 HP left and no chance from the beginning.Oh, also the player that moves second gets a mana ring to make up for being late. I feel that's not quite balanced either and I've seen many people have the same problem.And really, at this point I don't even care about further pros or cons in the game since the main mechanics are not my definition of TCG fun.If you're prepared to dig through a seemingly unpleasant meta, and if you're prepared to face RNGeezus himself. Go for it.Otherwise... pass this one up or be careful. Or try Infinity Wars, it's not perfect but has the whole 2-lanes/summoning resources business down a whole hell of a lot better in my opinion.
Good game. Unbalanced matching. Tough grind. Play it, only if you love to grind.Edit: The new update on deploy system is trash. This game has become trash. People now hardly play infantry and the servers are super laggy and fps is just haywire!
Early Access ReviewThis game needs to have some sort of practice mode because if you're new and just starting off, you cant compete against everyone else who has been playing for hours already and has a better handle of things.  With a decent learning curve it doesn't make sense to "practice", waiting a few minutes each time to find a squad and deploy only to play for 15 seconds before you get killed.  How am I supposed to practice and get better?  And what's the use of spending more time setting up and entering a game as opposed to actually playing it, when you get killed almost immediately?  No use. I heard there was a death match mode previously that was useful for practice and getting better but they apparently removed that so I'm moving on to a new game.  BYE
Early Access ReviewWarmode is the perfect game for people who just got diagnosed with lungcancer and are now trying to end their live as quick as possible This game is not Warmode its a Warcrime!!! if assad would drop this game instead of bombs on his own people it would cause even more damage 
This game is pretty lame.  The story mode looks like it was made by a couple of lazy highschool kids for a grade and they got a C-.  The only thing "new" to me in this thing is the two lanes (semi interesting) and the drawing cards as you lose health combined with the prophecy thing.  Two ideas that are not bad.  But can't really make up for an otherwise copy cat/boring game.  If you cut your TCG teeth on Magic:The Gathering or earlier games, this will probably bore you to tears like every other TCG with no real strategy or reactions.  I can understand the problems of timing and stuff but the game is so boring without Instant's and Interrupts.  There is no real deep strategy to be had.
I wasn't an old player in this game - I started playing this game when my friend introduced me to the game.I didn't like it much.First of all, there are constantly people crowding around the nexus, spamming messages like "EY BUY MY STUFF ON THIS RANDOM WEBSITE!". Not just one person either; imagine a whole army of people, afk, just spamming useless messages using bots.Second of all, really good loot is hard to come by. You play for a long time, and if you're really lucky, you MIGHT get T3 or T4 items. I once played through for three hours, but not get any items above T4. Good items? They're all in the shops, and all of them are super OP and great. Free to play? B*tch please, this ain't no free to play game. People who pay killsteal you at boss battles, and the others, the freemium players, they won't get anything because the mob of P2Ps cleared everything.If Kabam stopped owning this game, I would play it more.Otherwise, it's (almost) a complete piece of sh*t.
Nahit's fun at first, and time consuming, which is the point of these games, but it's not fun.  Harvest seasons and many others have more replay and you feel more involved with the game.  This one just has no charm.  It's nice and for a kong and FTP game it's great, but there's no end game stuff, and nothing to really keep you here after a few hours.e to PlayClickerStrategyRPGPixel GraphicsCity BuilderSingleplayerCasual2DIndieBuildingMultiplayerSimulationResource Management
A quite frankly fantastic hunting game that deserves to be played because of it's rich content and unique experience, but utterly ruined by the Pay2Enjoy model.This game is ATTROCIOUS when it comes to nickle and diming it's customers. Everything that is not a rabit or a specific kind of deer will cost you money. You will find NO enjoyment in this game without paying money and that is it's biggest sin. Rather than making this a fun game where you can pay for boosts, silly clothes and extras they made this into a hunting game where you can't hunt 90% of the animals in the game without paying a monthly fee!Disastrous and crippling to what would have othewise been a fantastic game. Heck if I had bought this at 30$ for just the singleplayer I'd be a happy customer. However I'm not sinking over 60$ a year into this game for occasional play. This is a game you play when you want a switch from things. Want to relax or just want to see if you can finally catch that animal you saw a couple of weeks ago.It is not worth the bloody MMO like subscription fees in ANY sense of the word. Do not buy anything because this game doesn't give two â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥s about your enjoyment and if you play be prepared to be bored out of your â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing mind after your 20th mule deer!PS: Don't be deceived by my steam stats. I have played this game since 2012 into 2013 and early 2014 and got thoroughly sick of it each time that I just hit the uninstal button after killing my thousandth animal that I could harvest because I needed to pay money for a license.
Early Access ReviewКто-то может запрыгнуть максимум на забор, кто-то запрыгивает НА КРЫШУ ДОМА. Кто-то умудряется залезть на чердак, я ещё не замечал выходов на чердак. Прицел очень мутный, окна в разводах. Исправьте.
Early Access ReviewAfter recent developments, I no longer recommend this game or this developer to anyone.EDIT: Since the developer chose to chime in with a BS reply: Spyware, by definition: "Spyware is software that aims to gather information about a person or organization without their knowledge, that may send such information to another entity without the consumer's consent, or that asserts control over a device without the consumer's knowledge."RedShell is literally software that aims to gather information about us as consumers without our knowledge. It collects information from browsing history to note if that user has seen or engaged with their advertising efforts to check for their efficacy. That information is then sent to another entity (the developer) without the consumer's consent.RedShell fits perfectly into the definition. The developer is arguing this isn't the case because there is no 'personal' information... Even if it is the case that there is no way to reverse engineer the source (which seems to be a dubious proposition that RedShell merely recommends, not enforces), that doesn't matter. Any data collected via software with no consent and without one's knowledge qualifies as Spyware, and RedShell is that. Our spending habits, our advertisement engagement, that's our data that we own. It has value. If they want it, they can either pay us for it or do the ethical thing and just ask. That's all it takes. A quick pop up, "Hey, can we gather anonymous system information to help us determine how to best advertise our game and expand our outreach? It would really help us expand the community!", "Why of course, game that I like, have followed, and want to see flourish. I'd be more than happy to help out in my small way."But no, instead of that, we get a BS response like below doing whatever they can to deflect any guilt after getting caught with their hand in the cookie jar. My original review above remains, and if anything, should be hardened further.Let me also add that I am not just some random person looking to insult the game. I am someone who spent a good bit of money on this game and who was invested in its future. I might not have crazy playtime here on Steam, but that's because I used it mostly on mobile.
Early Access ReviewPlayed once, everything is laggy, buggy, jumpy, no weight, no sound, graphics are splashy splashy, gameplay is very camp oriented, you will feel like you are moving a titan in a small enviroment.Guns are strange, interface is very bad, the whole system is very clunky.Very like a pre-alpha.All the positive reviews are made up, fake accounts or something.This falls in the catgory of pre-alpha, don't waste time or energy, there is no reason to play it at this stage.Everything is bare bones and feels wrong.
was a Yes untill recent expension just before season end preaking the meta.before that the only negative points was green(agility) cards to op.for the rest it great for hystory mode and was great in pvp, even a newwb can fight and have a decent chance to win. unfortunatly it seem those runing that thing decide to make ((hearthstone)) patch breaking everthing and making an <you must buy> product instead of doing like brotherhodd and introducing cards matching the meta. now it to mutch like hve to learn to play a new game so i prefer leaving cause i no it going to be like taht every few months.
Early Access ReviewNot a bad game love the graphics and the general idea, But no i wouldn't reccomend it to anyone just yet, the aiming is beyond stupid, the movement and actions need tonnes of work, but yea the aiming is unplayable
Infestation has been for a long time now and still has too many bugs, new developers should already have worked with these problems that were presented by the other game. At least in the old infestation i could get inside any server and play for a long time, now i get in and get disconnected from server, i can be playing for a while and disconnected from server, after 1 or 2 disconnections, when i try to get in into another server, it just gets me to the main menu saying disconnected from server and for some reason sometimes it stays saying that my session in the other server has not closed yet, making me have to restart the pc and sometimes even restarted i still get the same errors. This issues should have been fixed a long time now. You fight more trying to get into a server that fighting with people in the game.
Early Access ReviewAt first I was excited for this game, character creator is AMAZING, combat seemed fun and dynamic enough in the training area. But that's where the good ends.Unoptimized, Micro-transaction heavy (Cash shop money for dungeon teleportation?? REALLY?), infinite bugs that devs seem keen to ignore, unreleased content that is released in other regions. Don't buy this game. I hope I can still refund it. Maybe I'll come back later when they decide that their playerbase matters more.  But ♥♥♥♥ this game for now lol.
This game is actually one of the worst things i've ever played, its got it all ladies and gentlemen, huge empty maps, pay to win microtransactions, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay and glitches, no body in the development team cared about this game, they just want to make money
If you do not fall for the nesicary macro transactions you are just a overweight asthmatic man running around a forest taking pictures. Because you have to pay  real money to shoot certian animals you have to pay real moey to get the wepons.
Early Access ReviewIts a great Free To Play fps game, But they really need to take care of the HACKERS 1st, 10/14/2015 in a match that my team was going to win, But lost bceause the HACKER sent a virus that made my computer freeze up and im sure all the others did the same, If you find your self in the situation just ( ctrl + alt + delete ) and you want to exit the game.    Play the game at your own Risk.
Early Access ReviewI decided to give this game a try after 2 years of development since I last played, and holy god, where did this game go so wrong?At first glance, you may think this game is about building a vehicle and fighting other players with it. You'd be correct in thinking so, however, the games balancing system is utterly poor so you'll be facing enemy vehicles that are three times your power level meaning you can't kill them, and they can destroy you with a click of a button. Does that sound fun to you? You really can't progress through the game like this.In my all honest opinion, I do not think this game is worth getting into, maybe as a new player to Robocraft, you'll enjoy it more than us Veterans trying it out for the first time in a while.
Pros????Variety of weaponsConsMenu music will make you want to die, it's literally the same 3 bass guitar notes and a snare drumGuns and loot are abundant, making the game way too easyThe zombie sounds are ridiculous and sound like someone with a cold trying to moan.System optimization is awfulThe loading screen when you join a server takes 3-4 minuntes EVERY TIME, and you're stuck listening to the awful single sound of menu musicThe game looks awful on the lowest settings, but if you try to play on higher gfx settings, you get disconnected after joining a server.The HUD takes some time to understand, and some elements are too small to read.Controls are ridiculously convoluted.Did not get a chance to run into other players, so I can't comment on the community aspect.Overall, if you're bored and can't afford a paid game on steam, this is a way to waste your time.
its current state this is an absolute joke of a game,  the tank / armour bias is game breaking.This ,with the everyone has a scope makes for some very  short and one sided battles.I really can't see this game making it to 2020. 
What a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥.Firstly the hackers if your not killed by some little Russain♥♥♥♥♥hacking i would be very suprised, there are being banned minutely and even secondly and that isn't a joke. All the community that play this are Russian around 90% and the remaining 10% are UK, West EU. Secondly is there actually a purpose to the game?.. get weapons great?! what then.. 'i know kill each other and repeat'. Well wouldn't killing each other just be easier to play on say Battlefield or Call of Duty? but you would have more fun, more custom loot, more talents, better layout map, vehicles need i say anymore.And thidly the loot and spawning system and crashes.... oh god.... here we go... The loot is so ridculous it isn't even a challenge to find gear. The sawning system is a dumb as Trump. lets spawn every player 5m from each other even if you log out somewhere safe and the crashes i've never known a game that will crash instanly by alt+tab and a first for me a game that crashes becasue of changing the volume on my keyboard volume control scroll i mean really?! jesus christ DEV's try actually make a game worth playing then to play in horse♥♥♥♥♥♥Jesus christ this game i would say its fun for around 20mins to try with friends and think 'yeh i got this, this and this' but then splat! hacker BS shot. That incident wouldn't suprise me. For god's sake afford like the ♥♥♥♥ing plague to playing this game!
Only one campaign. Once its done you have to buy the first PART of a new campaign for 1000 coins which is hard to get or cave in and waste your money. You also have to use coins or waste money to play the arena and PVP arena. Pay to win.
The controls are the worst in any game ever. The physics are bad. The worst is the framerate! What is it, 15 fps? This is insane! I guess this is the best you can get with the budget of $0! Don't even get me started on the loading times though.The graphics are ok but not great. I give this game the best possible rating for it of 2/10.
The matching system for this game is crap.... There is a world of difference between the tiers of the tanks, and the game constantly places teams of a higher tier, with a lower tier set of players.Other than that, it's a HUGE grind for EXP... which is your currency needed to buy tanks and upgrades.I am trying VERY hard to like this game, but the match making is stupid and broken.
wow its to much pay to win this is very bad if the person u fight in pvp is more rich u lose want to lv up fast buy 9 exp points want an extra 4 skill buy want 2 more extra buy want to become more op buy want to have 11+ your so lost
Early Access ReviewBefore I start let me just say that I loved this game when I first started playing and wish I could go back to it. Nevertheless my total rating stands at 4/10I have played this game since its early stages and one thing I would like to say is that the devs have no consideration for the people who have put in a lot of hours. There used to be different progression systems and matches where medics were your only source of healing. I myself loved being a medic but after recent updates where after 10 seconds you regenerate, I've been rendered mostly useless as most players run off and don't stick with a medic.I spent so much time grinding to buy higher tier cubes and then comes an update where cubes have no tier, and thus all of my hard work is for nothing. I can't even copmpletely paint my ship the colors I want to anymore.The devs are just becoming money hungry and ruining the game for older players.I do not recommend this game unless you like being disappointed by patches.
The game itself is very nice. I'm not going to be like every hater but.. honestly if you have money running out your♥♥♥♥♥like Bill Gates just to shoot a different animal than just a deer. its pretty ridiculous. but I wont hate. they need there money someway. but making people spend a fortune for a license and membership is stupidGameplay: 10/10People Who Made the game -1.5/10maybe i'd play this again... Maybe.
Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewPretty♥♥♥♥♥♥since the new updates. dont bother spending money on it youll just end up regretting it. played this gamee for a while, it was 100x better before the big changes. flyers arent a valid option anymore, try playing a 500cpu flyer, somebody will be using the AA gun and youll get 1♥♥♥♥♥♥across half the map. right now everything is really inbalanced. nuless they fix this game and make it fun again i wouldnt reccomend touching it.
The game(Especially ground forces) isn't fun, at least for me anyways,95% of the time you get one shot by enemy tanks out of nowhere, The grind for new vehicles is excruciating, it's just...not fun
Early Access ReviewRefund the SA Players. Your company got our money and now we can't play unless we want a battle royale with 140+ ping. Refund the South America players, i'll gladly uninstall any game from this company after.
the game is really fun to play with friends only, otherwise if you go online you will lose most games, because you have the option to pay real cash to reroll the dices. just like that free2play uno, where you can buy +4 to ♥♥♥♥ the next guy.
Early Access ReviewThe latest update on 6/22/18 has ruined the game. Unless they revert the changes to the forge as well as the legendary weapons dropping from any crate this is not worth playing. Such a shame because this game was great. RIP
Not going to lie this game is pretty fun. Why a negative review you ask? Because of how unbalanced this game is. I am following someone for so long putting thosands of shots into them. Some plane comes out of no where and puts two 20 round bursts into him and he dies. Guess who should get the kill after 3 criticals? The guy that comes out of no where and puts 2 bursts into him. For some reason im fighting people in tier 2 with p-51s and yak-7s and i have 2 planes that are the last one in tier one. Also this game has a major russian bias. I play realistic and everytime my squad gets instantly one shot by yak-7s and there is nothing we can do about it. Eventually I got tired of the bias and said "If we cant beat em join em" so i got the first yak you can get and im amazed. Most countries dont get cannons till the middle of tier 2 but hey the first russian plane you can research has a 20 mm cannon. I took it into an arcade match and i could shoot 3 bursts and the plane would litterally tear into peices. Do not play this game.
Early Access Reviewas you can see i havent played much of this game. i have played aq and aqworld thought and most of their other games.This was kind of like aq but i could see it was going to be way grindier then aq (and thats saying something) but with the same type of art style but well, 3d. it has a similar style to aqworld thought because it has the attack and 4 abuilties but the ui is set up for touch screens so its really accuard to play. Honestly i would agree with most people right now that its not really ready to be played yet unless you are really wanting to grind heavly
Early Access ReviewWell I gave it a good shot and played for 18 hours.Damage:You probably don't remember the days when Soldier of Fortune came out and you could literally blow the bad guys arms and legs off. Well I'm not looking for that, as there are kiddies present, but what I am looking for is some damage effect. Since when can a person get wounded by three or four bullets and still run, move and aim like a champion?HUD:So you've stealthfully walked, run, swam and crawled your way across half the map to capture a point and when you do a big circle appears over your head and tells every player on the map where you are. Almost as incoherent are the 'enemy spotted' tags which appear over your head if you ever dare fire your weapon. No matter how cleverly hidden you are, every enemy soldier on the map will see a nice red arrow pointing at you if you do. The only solution is to emulate the snipers who camp on top of a hill at the back of the action if you want to rack up the kills.    Tanks:The tanks are seriously over powered which ruins it for anyone in the infantry. This could so easily be balanced with early access to anti-tank grenades.Linear Warfare:The main disappointment for me is the linear battles where you must take point A before point B before point C etc. This makes it far too easy for the enemy to park a tank at point B or just pound it endlessly with shells knowing that if we fail to take that one undefendable barn then the whole battle is over.Conclusion:What could well have been a great open world game is now a counter strike clone with tanks that take no damage from rocket launchers. Spawn, get sniped, spawn, get tanked, spawn and get shot by the guy hiding in the loft where you spawned. I almost gave in and was going to spend some money to buy a shovel but thought better of it. Play it for a while until the battle fatigue and shell shock sets in, even throw the devs a dollar or two, then go do something constructive.
Prepare to die! ... As soon as you spawn. After waiting for 30 minutes for the game to load. Which you will have to do every time you die because you can't just respawn and you get booted from the server when you die. The zombies are a joke and are entirely negligible even without any equipment, and no amount of equipment will protect you from someone with a sniper rifle from half the map away. Not to mention this is on beginner servers for people below a certain standard of equipment and 12 hours of play time. Essentially, if you play without people on an empty or mostly empty server, you get to walk around a vast really ugly and repetitive map with highly pixelated textures on everything even at the highest settings, killing the occasional and exceedingly rare zombie, for which you get nothing worthwhile, or you can play on any map with players where you will be instantly and repeatedly killed, lose all of your stuff that no one will take but by the time you can rejoin the server will be gone anyway. The choice is yours. Personally, I recommend not even bothering to waste the data and going to play nearly anything else.
Early Access ReviewAhem ahem...if you've got plenty of time to WASTE(emphasis on the word "waste") this is the game you would be playing. Its dull with low graphics and poor sound(well its free so you cant expect much). I dont recommend you playing this game how much ever your friends tell you to.
Product received for freeEarly Access Reviewii rember whin thay hade armor blocks *removed (thar gose like 2 hrs of playtime) remember whin thar was ranks *removed (thar gos 5 hrs of playtime) iv hade this game for more then 10.4 hrs back in the good ol dayes whin we had a reason to play
Early Access ReviewThe game was good, now a great pile of C.R.A.P.-Comunitly bearly good-Support team doesn't give fudge about you(I wonder how long this game is going to keep it up, not so long I guess)-Many many many many many bugs which dev team and support also don't give a fudge about.-Balance in every single aspect is horribleAt the end I don't recommend the game no matter the fact that is F2P with microtransactions.By looks of the other reviews you can see people are not so fascinated...Another thing to the guys who created this pile of C.R.A.P. :I know it's not easy to create/develop a game, but after a hard work dev. the good game you wasted your hard work time on slowly but succesfully ♥♥♥♥♥♥ up the game.That is not effective waste of your developing time, and by that I mean you S.U.C.K. at your "profession".Feel free to ban me if this insulted you because I know you ban other players without any good reason and clue, it won't be a new thing if you are venting on players who leave a bad review. 
This is the worst good game I've ever played.The level fo detail on tanks and aircraft is incredible. The fact that you can fire a round at a tank that explodes against the barrel and kills the driver with shrapnel through the roof, the fact that you can use machineguns as airbrakes, the fact that control surfaces on aircraft are modelled and are desctructible, and the fact that the mouse and keyboard control scheme for aircraft actually works are all great points in favour.The fact is, however, that literally everything about the game that isn't the act of flying a plane or driving a tank is made in the worst way imaginable.* Everything above BR 5-ish takes millions of years to unlock. Even when playing with a premium account, you're looking at weeks of playing a couple of hours per day to even unlock spare parts for a semi-modern tank. If you don't have parts and you get tracked, you won't be able to move for the rest of the game.* Whether you get to respawn or not is decided by how many spawn points you've earned. You earn spawn points for killing the enemy. So whatever side wins the initial engagement, always wins the rest of the game.* If you plane gets damaged or runs out of ammo, you need to land on an air field and repair and refit. I can count on one hand the amount of times I've had time to get back to the map after RTBing, because the matches are incredibly short.* If your team gets stomped and you miraculously have the spawn points needed to respawn, you can't choose to not respawn because you'll be unable to join a new game for ten minutes if you exit without dying with all your vehicles or running out of spawn points.* Why don't you just spawn and die, then? Because vehicles require repairs and repairs cost money. At mid-BR, repairs get insanely expensive. It is perfectly possible to get a couple of kills, capture a point or two and still end up with net negative money.* There hasn't been any changes to the above for the 2+ years I've been playing.
Early Access Review2017 Update:Tried Robocraft out again for a few hours. To see where progress has been made or lost.As predicted, most changes are made due to the dwindling playerbase. This explains why in the past they removed barriers to matchmaking like Tier Divisions, Level affected matching, reducing the amount of players per team etc.I joined now to find that they've further made changes that exacerbate imbalanced matches by removing level requirement to unlock CPU, giving everyone the same CPU allotment at maximum and allowing bots of any CPU mixture to play together. It simply totals up the CPU on a team and makes it match up on the other team. The problem with this is, it inevitably ends up where you'll have one team with CPU evenly spread among them ranging from 1.4k to the maximum and the other team will be full of scouts with a single person at maximum cpu.The game still suffers mobmentality wipeouts and favors it to be played as so. As much as there are cries of tactics are valid, nothing still beats team rushing.Sadly though, these changes have done nothing to help new players, against old hats like myself and even older hats who understand Triforcing and damage mitigation, which is near gone, most resorting to either sheer bricks upon bricks or mobility evasion (read; drones). Only played a dozen matches today, lost one and thats because I decided to use a stupid bot you'd expect a noob to (one megaleg, rocket launcher, shield gen, thats it.) and even then, it was a close loss.The ultimate kick to the teeth though, is the changes to the Battle Arena mode, specifically, the "Imbalance Detected" system, where it will cause Protonium to spawn on the map. If the enemy destroy it, they instantly equal the progress the winning team has made.All this serves to do is infuriate the winning team and delay the match even further, as the losing team may have now equalised, but is still on a losing footing control point wise. If the losing team choose to ignore the Protonium and focus on the control points, again.. theyre still on a losing footing.As it stands Robocraft has an average weekly player base of 3,000 spiking 6,000. In 2014 it was 14,000 spiking 25,000. Lets see how you fare in 2018 Freejam. If youre even still around.2016 Update: FJ are now trying to censor negative reviews as "abusive" even if they are not.https://twitter.com/TomCat__86/status/746665833414332420I give up with Robocraft.TLDR; Robocraft devs don't know what they want their game to be. They've tried DM/TDM, E-Sports, Creative Building, MOBA, Player Choice Progression, Forced progression, bland progression. Each and every update drastically changing how the game plays and nullifying ANY work players have put in to creating their bots.They establish one set of rules only to change them a few months down the line under the guise of "Balancing" or enabling "player creativity" and doing the complete opposite.Not to mention the game has flaws from years ago still not fixed and now being hidden by new changes. For example MM being broken turning it into "Who has the most medics, wins"and hiding the poor matchmaking by removing robot classification "because not all bots were classified correctly" (translation, 1 in maybe 100 were wrong, and "its haaaard.")Edit to include the latest update (Max Loadout) - Again FJ don't understand normal development practices. They threw in MASSIVE changes all at once and are no sat scratching their heads wondering why it broke. Flak is bugged (DMG), Nano is bugged (LMB+RMB = superspeed heal), MSMGs are bugged (free aim firing, without LOS), matchmaking is atrocious (still), Blink and DSM are stupidly expensive (Both RP/GC and CPU). They should have done a slow implement of these changes one by one to iron each minor kink, instead of this.-------------------------------Too many wild changes, one step forward two steps back is this developers motto.Robocraft initially had a sensible mixture of Creativity and Function. There was also a sensible mix of Grind, Progression and sense of achievement. It was a little lacklustre in places. For example, the RP system allowed you to choose what you unlocked and the level system determined how "effective" those unlocks were. As you progressed in Level and CPU, your bots got bigger, your weapons better.This has now been swapped out for a system where equipment is unlocked in order, over time with no player input. Once you unlock an item, that is it, theres no improvement. Everything is by default "Tier 10".This in turn made building robots boring, no more balancing weaponry vs armor vs mobility. If you chose to go cosmetic-bot there was a challenge to making a bot functional but in "theme".Now sure you can build a bot "exactly" as you want, as long as you like Yellow, Pink, White, Grey & Brown as your color palette. The other colours are locked to premium (Note they touted this "flattening" of tiers as an 'improvement' to creative robot building).Then theres the slew of problems with actual Gameplay mechanics.Initially there were balancing issues as expected, they kind of balanced themselves out up until Unleashed/Legendary update and the devs got stuck in a nerf cycle on everything except SMGs.This last update saw them add the near useless flak, severely nerf the Medics Nano and turned it into SMGcraft again.They also did away with many of the useful gameplay information elements.Spotting now just says "Enemy Spotted" with no indication of flier, hover, walker, they claimed this is because bots were "complicated to classify" yet for the most they were classified correctly. This means you find it far harder to prioritise the right targets.This also affects your own team negatively as you can no longer easily see if a friendly medic is nearby or if a push block is Rail Heavy and needs more SMG or plasma.The game has also suffered Match making issues from day one. Resulting in differing metas.The latest of which is "The Team who has the most medics, wins". The hiding of Bot Type and spotting call outs I think was done to merely hide how bad the matchmaking is, especially as in the past when we could see the team makeups we would see matches where it was 6 rails and two plasmas vs say 6 SMGs and two medics.Put simple, the devs have taken this game in far too many directions, too rapidly and with no forethought.Initially it was a DM/TDM game, then they opened it up to the Creative Block Builders, then expanded to Boss Battles (removed, was one Megabot vs lots of little bots quite fun), then switching to try their hand at MOBA-like Tower matches, then trying to create some kind of bespoke "Robot Market" where players can sell their bots, but their currency system is too expensive to support.Its like they saw all these good ideas from other games and tried to cram it into their own, trying to snap up a bit of another niche in gaming and half assing it so badly that it introduces more problems than it gains in players.This is likely the reason why they "flattened" their game down to basic progression.
Early Access ReviewThis game is like playing a dude that is drunk and he got on pans and bags on his arms. When you go to try to aim its all slow and you have no control. 123FPS and it plays like 1.23 fps. That will be a no for me dawg.
Fun to play for a little while but sadly it doesn't do much to stand out from the other online card games out there so it gets boring relatively quickly once you've been at it a while.  Maybe download it for a few hours of exploring, but it's not gonna be a game you're going to want to stick around to play for any sort of extended period of time.  Sadly despite my love of Bethesda and the Elder Scrolls series and card games like these; I can't reccommend it (but I would say maybe give it a try).
Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewThis game went down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ when this update came. Before the update it really meant something to shoot down a plane or helicopter with your Rail Piecer, and when you leveled up it meant something, but no this update just said ♥♥♥♥ you to those thing (and more things) and just wants your money with these crates. P.S Please Freejam bring back the old Robocraft that we as a community loved.
PAY TO WIN!!!!AVOID!!!!!!AVOID!!!!!!AVOID!!!!!!FUN at first... Annoying to be playing against people with maxed towers and better tiers.... AVOID!!!!!!AVOID!!!!!!AVOID!!!!!!AVOID!!!!!!PAY TO WIN!!!!
Early Access ReviewJudging by this game's current situation, you can tell it was made by hi-rez. After having the unfortunate experience of playing this game for more than 2 rounds, you can notice a lot of things. for one thing, weapons are completely unbalanced. slug rifles, heirloom rifles, crossbow, and revolver are almost completely useless. The shotgun is also trash. the assault rifle and burst are long range and dont have damage fall off, and do more damage then they should. Another thing about this game is it's bugs. All games have them, but here they are a dime a dozen. Character glitches, map terrain errors, crashing for no reason. Now you think that by now Hi-Rez would fix this, nope. THEY ADD A BATTLE PASS! Much like Paladins, Hi-Rez is more into making dough off of small children than fixing their own god damn game. And when they do add patches, they just the problems even worse! recently they made crafting legendary weapons and crafting in general cheaper to do, so all players have equal advantage. But the thing is, players have an equal oppurtunity of getting a legendary sword and getting a legendary assault rifle. My point is, being alpha gives no excuse to how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is, dont buy it
I have played TF2 for 4 years. This update is the worst ever!!Why valve didnt answer expectation.I liked TF2... I was sad... Im sad...Valve, I put a cucumber in the your a.s.s!!!!!!!!
There are no PVE Options... Sorry if im not interested in playing a survival game that makes it impossible to survive for an hour without being 1 shot by whoever only to be forced to create another character or pay money to keep the same character.
Was good, is bad and seems to be getting worse. The Random battles Br line up is messed ( im flying bf 109 e3 and im seing p51D, wtf, the br difference is too high), you end up with planes with wayyyy higher Br than you, and russian bias is insane.
ive been with this game for a while i love the game play the wepons but after i get so far in i dont what happens but it seems i gotta make a new character every so often it has changed over the years and some good some not so good but the biggest thing that bugs me is me actually  playing it wont let me play and i dont know why i dont know if i got baned or whatever the case  may be it sucks the i cant play a game i put money in
Even though I have said no to this title, I would like to stress that the idea and concept are perfectly fine. It basicly mimics minecraft with a smoother texture pack, and it's free. However the reasoning for a "negative" review are as follows;The interface is one message after another, "showing" you how to play and understand its menu systems. This is quite annoying. I understand its free and the whole microtransaction thing, but it feels very "pay to get anywhere" To be honest the person who came up with "Microtransactions" should get bend and disappear, it is a lame excuse to not charge money but hinder free players at the same time.Although it is cool that you can "sorta" customize how you look and your gender, it lacks any real option for players who wants to make the character "Look" like themselves. (Bald, hairloss etc.) Lack of quality controls, I.E. making the game look worse to make it run smoother. I'm all for a beautiful game but if its in the same line as Minecraft I feel the game should not slow down on my PC for any reason. Before anything is said my PC can run Bioshock Inf. on High graphics at full speed. Just to give a reference. And finally something that made me decide negative, its a clone of minecraft, I understand that sounds awful and a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor excuse, but it follows Mojangs formula way too closely. I would've like to have seen, roughly the same formula but in a different manner, yes your "pickaxe" is a matter glove. Cool I like that, its different. But again the rest of the game follows suit with MC. Please note this review is of unbias opinion, it is nothing more than a review from my eyes and the way I see it. This does not reflect on the developer in anyway except for constructive critic. Feel free to give this title a try if you wish, but as for me I will decline. Thank YouYou didn't even read this far......Did you.....
Early Access ReviewGood game with potential. Won't reccommend though because technical support is poor. Seems to be no active forum mods at all. No forum reply's...lack of support for game related / payment issues will be the death of this game.
With the new Patch 7.00 the developers decided to fundamentally change the game introducing new map, hero, ui and gameplay. This has not been tested and balanced in any way leading to a disappointing game where single heros stump all other heros into the ground. The only intention of this game is to make money with cosmetics fast. No effort is put into balancing new content prior to its release - the cash has to flow...
this game sucks  i was playing then  i got a message saying You have been disconnected from the server.  so i join a new server i disconnected again so i quit playing for a while my friend wanted me to play with him so i go to load the game and it tells me You have been PERMANENTLY BANNED from the Infestation: New Z servers for either cheating or exploiting. all i did was play the game so i just made a new account and it got PERMANENTLY BANNED from the Infestation: New Z servers for either cheating or exploiting. i didnt even get to join a server
”It’s not a good Fallout game and it’s not a good mobile game either."My TL;DR recommendation is DON’T BOTHER:Too much micromanaging to enjoy Vault lifeMenus needed a lot more polish before porting to PCLoading screens are longGood god, having people attack your Vault is ANNOYING  Category Score   Plot 2/10   Gameplay 4/10   Graphics 7/10   Soundtrack 0/10   Replayability 0/10   Overall 2/10 Plot [2/10]If you come into this game expecting gameplay choices like you do in Fallout, prepare to be disappointed. Keeping in mind that this was originally a mobile game (a medium that traditionally lacks the ability to dive into lore), there’s very little to learn about the world of Fallout. Interactions with outside characters are thrown in amongst hours of tedium and impacts on the world are longlasting. This game will leave you wondering, “why the hell do I care about this Vault again?” Also there’s no end-goal, so you’re just grinding for the sake of grinding.Gameplay [4/10]Starting from a mobile game and porting to PC, there was so much opportunity to improve on the basic formula. Many of the menus are *very* clunky and leave you clicking in and out. My biggest grievance — the bigger your vault gets, the more you have to scroll out to manage your dwellers at the macro level. Unfortunately, the hitbox or clickable area for almost all clickable objects in the game might not line up with the sprite. If you’re anything like me, you’ll end up having a lot of wasted clicks that pile up as minor annoyances into a gargantuan garbage heap. A big improvement would have been menus or buttons for auto-assigning dwellers. Actually, no, my BIGGEST grievance is when your vault gets attacked: you can only assign 2 dwellers to guard the door, and the invaders will run right past them! The rest of your dwellers just walk along or twiddle their thumbs while the vault is being torn to♥♥♥♥♥♥ And you can’t get dwellers, even the ones assigned to the entrance, to follow the invaders around! (Also, during the duration of that event, you cannot let in new dwellers or get your old ones back from the wasteland. Very irritating.)Graphics [7/10]It did start as a mobile game, and in keeping with the medium, the style is cartoon-like and keeps with the quintessential spirit of Fallout with all of its anachronisms and art influences. It can be difficult to differentiate dwellers unless you assign standard outfits (which will take a long time to collect) to specific rooms. Ex., all of the dwellers working in the hospital wearing labcoats, dwellers working out wearing fatigues, etc. As a result of many-generational breeding in my vault, almost everyone has dark skin and dark hair. They are *very* difficult to tell apart and due to the menu system sucking, it leads to a lot of confusion. The graphics aren’t great, but I suppose they could be worse.Soundtrack [0/10]I don’t actually remember music playing during the game except small cues when I accomplished something. Could be a bug, I suppose. The jazzy, classic soundtrack of Fallout 3 and 4? Forget it; you’re not getting any of that here. Also, points off for having blaring alarms while your vault is being attacked. It’s annoying after the first two minutes, and you will be hearing it a lot over the course of the game.Replayability [0/10]I haven’t completed this game. While I do have all of the rooms unlocked and built, I find the progression to be very empty. It’s not rewarding and a lot of mechanics that should have been addictive fall flat because of the aforementioned awful menu system. There’s a lot of micromanaging involved and with 100+ dwellers, it just becomes a massive pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Overall [2/10]I enjoyed this game for the first hour that I played it, and kept playing out of a love for Bethesda. This isn’t a good Fallout game and it isn’t a good mobile game either. Also, though my computer is a bit outdated (I have a GTX 260 in my box), I figured a mobile game should run very quickly. Not true; there are still decently long loading screens when exploring the wasteland and making changes to the vault. I would expect a game with such simplistic graphics, programming, and mechanics to run much faster, even on old machine. Game-Specific CommentsIn the short-term, you might enjoy this game, but in the long-term, you will probably experience frustrations with the menus, hitboxes/clickable areas, and loading times. If you want to support Bethesda, put money into one of their games that has more than an hour of play in it.Hope you enjoyed my review of Fallout Shelter! If you liked it, please upvote. :)
>Be me looking for F2P games on steam>theHunter>So many negative review>Let's see how bad it is>Install it>Play>Spent literally 30 mins to run around for bunny>Can't see a damn thing>Found another animal trail>You have to buy the license for it>Patience running out>Quit>BSoD>Read reviews again>You gotta pay for everything>Finally found out something worse than Ride to Hell
Early Access ReviewI don't think it should of went 3D... Right now as it is I won't recommend it. Lack of sound in some parts of the game, lack of real involvement in the quests/missions, and just the lack of story really makes this game... well suck. I like the game as a 2D type game because it has more than the 3D verison. For now, you can try it but don't expect much.
Not recommended at all, reasons?well, requires registration out of steam, non responsive web page, finaly got the registraton and activated my account,turned on the game, loged in using my registration details and i got server error, server error, server error.After a long time i finaly made it to main menu, choose a race type, hmm all options are grey but one, fine, Singleplayer/Hotlapping, hmm choose car, buy, buy, buy, ok only 1 car here? choose track, buy, buy, buy, only one track here?a lot to buy but nothing included.Seriously this is NOT a free to play game its DAMN upgradable DEMO!!!!!!!A question, why the hell they want a real name, date of birth, country of origin and country of residence details????You do have to fill that in on the registraton page, without it you cannot complete the registrationShould be removed from steam, too many bad reviews about how expensie actually this F2P game can get, stinks like some kind of rip off, plus not even Steam cares about my date of birth, so why should i give it to a 3rd party? What is this, some kind of a phishing scam?A paradox, the most expensive free to play game i ever got my hands on
Early Access ReviewFirst off, the controls of this game makes me want to puke, not only that you guys made a bad game but you made a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of it, AQW is one of the only good crap (if you can even call it good) you've made and you're giving more care about this 3d piece of donkey game
Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewI paid for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. I bought about $25 of gc or more when it actually was still there and it was all wasted because guess what. It's all removed. Now it's some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ robits. So there goes $25... and my 17 mil rp... ♥♥♥♥ this game. The shotgun was Hitler's favorite weapon and the flak cannon is for ♥♥♥♥♥♥s. And being able to get legendaries from bronze crates? WHAT'S THE POINT OF EVEN TRYING THEN, GET 5 KILLS, GO AFK FOR THE REST OF THE ROUND. Bada bing bada boom you're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
Early Access ReviewComplete rubish, half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥implementation, translations leave a terrible first impression, optimization is horrid (32gb, i7, 1080) I should be able to run this at more than 10-30fps without a bunch of INI tweaks. Save your cash or burn it, it will be better spent.
Early Access ReviewEveryone who wants a short review: Since Rocket Launcher the game became unfair don't play it until they nerf rockets and buffed Rails!Also Before the update with the Rocket Launchers the game was great but now everyone uses a ''Helicopter Homing Rocket Instant Ragequit'' set that is just OP!Please nerf the Rocket Launcher or delete it from the game because it is WAY too strong when this stupid rockets follow the bot over the whole map and just fly to infinity and much more!And the match making is a piece of s**t because you get 5 LV. 1 Players in your team and the enemy gets like a million Rocket Launcher in his/her team so you just cannot win...Seriously I actually never won a match when the enemy had a single Rocket Launcher!And I played a lot...........................................................................................................................................................And I can't belive that the Rail Erazer is too weak to one hit a Rocket Launcher so please nerf rockets and buff rail so that the game becomes fair AGAIN!
This seems like a good take on a racing simulator. But it lacks a lot.First, the free content of the game is limited and will bore you fast (1 track, 2 cars), I feel like we could have had a bit more, even if we get free testdrives of other cars on weekends. Also there is no multiplayer apart for laptimes and that makes it just you on the same track trying to get better times.Graphicwise and simulation was it is great, nice graphics and it gives a realistic handling. The ingame purchases are a bit expensive for what I'd aim for, but they are good and if you can afford it really take the game further.It's free to play, so It's a goodie to have but overal it isn't quite finished yet.
Early Access ReviewPros. 1. A unique game with a fair amount of weapons. 2. The weapons are balanced ok at the moment. 5/20/2016 (see con 4)Cons.1. Spawning is inconvinent at best, you can spawn right infront of an enemy and vice versa. 2. Premium is too expensive. 3. You can get the most kills and do the most damage while dying the least and you will somehow lose, a very unintuitive scoring system. This occurs even when your account is premium. 4. Constant updates alienate veteran players.Verdict: It's free-to-play, keep it that way for yourself.
Early Access ReviewPlayed for a bit, game was♥♥♥♥♥♥so I uninstalled. Couple of hours later THE ♥♥♥♥ING WARTHUNDER LAUNCHER APPEARS ON MY SCREEN AND STARTS DOWNLOADING WARTHUNDER. TURNS OUT IT ALSO INSTALLED A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT PROCESS THAT YOU HAVE TO DELETE MANUALLY! NICE!
Early Access ReviewPlayed this game for Last few months. The game catches the attention and is great... Most of the time. even spent some money on it. But all and all the RNG makes you mana screwed or flooded 2/3 games. Cant climb ranks 32 mana in my 75 card deck get stuck on 2 mana 5 games in a row. other than that game seem like it could be fun.
Early Access ReviewYeah we tried, we hoped, we wanted to look past the flaws, but we gotta admit it, the game is pure garbage, we've been lied to, it's missing content, it's pooooorly optimizied, missing content, bad translations everything is bad with this game, it's an insult to gamers, ♥♥♥♥ NEOWIZ, refunded.
Like every game of this kind when it was awesome the first two days, it became quickly a PvP (even tho they have servers exclusively to play this way). Every game about gathering resources and fighting zombies is ruined one more time due to the players destroying the fun of the game. If you like killing people and going solo, this is your game. On the other hand if you are a player that likes to cooperate with other players, explore other places than your respawn place (that it will be your home now), gather resources, etc. This is NOT your game. Basically you will just find snipers all around the cities (and close to the "safe-places") shooting everything that moves (except zombies). It is a free game so give it a try but I would not pay a single penny for this.
Early Access Reviewthis game use to be awesome with progression, leveling up and unlocking new parts. it is no longer that at all. its even more of a grindfest that it was before. it use to be about skill and how you build your robot would mean if you could do good or not in a match. this game no longer takes any skill at all. its all about luck with what you can get out of a crate at the end of the match. its no longer the game it use to be and is heading in the wrong direction. its hardcore pay to winEDIT: after trying the game again after awhiile it has gone even more to a pay to play game than i could have ever imagined. the game is absolute crap now. the thing that i think they ruined the most was removing the pilot chair. ill wait a few more months and if it keeps going in the direction it is going now. ill be done with the game forever. its no longer fun at all to me.
Great TCG. ....well... no, not really.Completely unbalanced game. The first player that plays a premium card wins the game. (Except you are lucky enough to kill the card in exactly that turn)
TF2 before and after the Meet your match update:Before:- Anyone could join a server really quick-There were free sandviches-There were friendlies-There were partiesAfter:-You have to wait in a queue just to join a single game-Removed quickplay (sadly)-If you are not a competitive type you have to play on community servers (WHICH THERE ARE A LOT OF ADS!)I have to say the only thing good about this update is there is no autobalance anymore
ive played for a few hours but there is a lack of content  and ui friendly, certainly there is a lot people playing and talking but theyre talking♥♥♥♥♥♥all the time a few people will help you to your journey, when you start playing you start with so much interest but eventually you will lose it, the lack of movement its ughh
 the game is simply bad compared to what it used to be. Everything is a grind and because of the low player population you get in matches where you have no chance of winning at all.
Early Access ReviewWith recent updates, Robocraft has died. The main reason people loved it was because of the creativity it allowed to thrive. The ability to create wonderous designs after constant tweaking, spending hours creating a perfect machine of both functionality and style, and finally testing it in battle against countless others who had done the same. Seeing bits of your Robo getting blasted off, yet feeling relief that the cleverness of your design allows you to continue the fight without the missing pieces. Having your entire Robot being destoryed in a Death Match, yet being able to rejoin the fight thanks to a repairbot and the built-in escape pod that you spent weeks perfecting.It is all gone now.In its place, we have a ruined husk that is more akin to a facebook game than the glory of what it used to be. The game is now entirely around trying to drain its players of as much money as possible. You don't get the feeling of progress after every match like you used to, instead, you can't move forward at all without shilling out insane amounts of money. You can forget about using the ingame currency to buy the parts you needed, that isn't an option anymore. Instead, even with money, they put a worthless crate system where you have to gamble for that final part needed to build the masterpiece you envisioned.
Early Access ReviewReally funny first, but multiplayer is "not so nice" (censoring sucks). (3/10)First i really liked Robocraft. it's a funny and innovative idea and the game runs with very few errors in the single player modes. Then I started the multiplayer and I was quite dissappointed. My internet connection is totally fine but this game simply doesn't work for me.Every match I can play 1 minute, then I can't hit players anymore and I can't get hit. It's like the worst lags ever. After a few more minutes I randomly die but can't respawn but because you can't simply leave the match you either have to wait 10 minutes until thematch is over and at least get some points or restart the game. Then, when the game has ended for anyone else I finally get the "connection lost" window so I get back to the Robo selection menu. These were the issues I had 3 months ago and I thaught "okay, lets stop playing for a while, maybe they fix it"So I got back and re-installed it a week ago and what do I see? They added Lootcrates which totally destroyed the game and made it pay-to-win* but they had no time to finally fix the multiplayer bug that makes the game unplayable.EDIT (3rd Oct 2016): As I see the issue I had with multiplayer was finally fixed.But now there is in total about 60€ of DLC in this game that is still in early access... this is not good and I hope that no one supports this. Put your damn work in releasing the game and then worry about DLC. So in my opinion the game gained 2 points for fixing the issue and lost them again for this crap... well done!* since I could now finally test the MP I saw that the lootcrates' impact on the game wasn't that bad so I put 1 point back to the score for that. still very disappointed.P.S.: I'll take a break again because I still don't think this is worth playing and edit again if I see something worth mentioning (like a final release mabye one day...).
I have never written a Review yet ... and the Company who made this game just made me get this much out of my comfort zone.Recently they  increased the Cost of acquiring In-Game-Content with In-Game-Nonbuyable-Currency while at the same time reportedly nerfed the Income-Rate of mentioned Currency. (mind you, i am NOT talking about IRL-Buyable-Currency, a.k.a. "Gold")So i have not played for some time, had a hard time grinding enough of that nonbuyable currency to buy the next soldiertype and now after login they are again unreachable until i have grinded some more. This kind of price-change has already happened to me at least once and never was mentioned beforehand. So as a last measure i started to write this and after having sent this comment i will uninstall this game.Let this be a warning to you, possible new player. If it happens to you: Told you so! I cannot recommend this game any more.
This game look very good and the gameplay is okay but they broke it along the way. As time went by, the economy became more and more centered on lotery and bonus random pack in game and this did not suit my taste.Also there was a lot of weird decision by the developer made to try and help the match making system compensate for the diminution of the player base.  I will not go in the details around those.I have also lot of time invested in this game and I only have a tier 5 in my list because I dumped close to a 100$ in one night to unlock it.  If you are a casual player looking for a free game you can but you will never get passed tier 3 unless you spend every nights playing and each and every weekend of the rest of your life. (the grind is this bad at late tier 3 and up.)I will come back to this game from time to time because I have so much time invested.  But save your time and money there are other games around.
Graphics, gameplay and realism is mighty fine but balancing really kills the game, it's literally begging me to PAY PAY PAY, I paid enough for items and premiums already, let me play for fraks sake, but no. Greedy devs want more. I also hate the interface and the whole menu system, dont get addicted to it, becomes a BAD habit real soon.
I'm going to start off by saying this game has a lot of potential to be an amazing hunting simulator. The fact that is multiplayer is also a fun bonus. The false advertising rubbed me in all the wrong ways however; this game is not free to play (unless you like a hiking simulator dressed up as a hunting simulator). To actually hunt in this game you have to spend real money on licenses, guns, etc. I'm hoping in the future that this game will actually allow you to hunt a bit more without spending money (or just costing money right off the bat). This game does have a lot of promise but right now I wouldn't waste your time downloading it.
Early Access ReviewCuisine Royal launcher ist:- unbenannt im Auto-Start- lässt sich schwer deinstallieren- arbeitet wie malware- benutzt Brandbeite zum Seeden (bei updates)- sucht alle 2 Minuten ohne config nach updates.- untitled on auto start- hard to uninstall- works like malware- usees broadband to seed/farm (when updating)- looking for updates every two minutes
Hours long timers than can be skipped by real money transactions.Mindlessly clicking to harvest resources is most common form of "gameplay."Combat sections are truly awful.I suggest skipping this and playing one of the many great simulation games on steam instead of this shameful, player abusing cash grab.
Product received for freeEarly Access Reviewi used to play the robocraft often but after the new "epic loot" update i personaly think that instead of being able to choose what you want to have and create your own unique play style, it has become if you pay you can get the materials needed to do and create what you want.with the loot crates you are given as a reward for playing you get "100% random items" and yet i have never got anything i wanted that wasent in the premium slot, which of course you have to buy premium to unlock.another thing that i disaprove of in the update is the "robits" feature, which are what you use to "forge" parts but the only way to get them is to recycle what you already have for about 1-25% of its value depending on its rarity. 
By far the most realistic and enjoyable game I have ever played in my life. The detail and effort that was put into this masterpiece is so definitely evident. I would happily put my self into debt paying for this game, it's that good.
Single player game, I have to wonder why the developers took time to create this game. Takes forever to load and unload. The game control is OK but the single player is worthless. I was hoping for much more when I instlled RaceRoom but didn't get it. If it ever becomes a multi-player game I'll take a second look although now I can not tell anyone to bother with it.
Early Access ReviewThis game has lots of potential but i am not able to play with my bff because the game servers suck, the friend code ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t does not work and we cant find eachother, please fix this
To start, I should say that war thunder has been a positive influence on my life overall. When the community is good, it's great! I've formed many lasting friendships, and I'm currently in a relationship of almost a year with someone I met through the game.But war thunder has a problem with women. Not all players are like that--not even the majority. But enough ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s are loud enough to ruin the experience for so many girls I know, and we as a community can do better.I'm a woman. I like to play comp, and I get on voice to make call-outs and provide encouragement. For the most part, it's fine and we all have a good time (except when the enemy J1 somehow gets me every push.) But there are times when teammates get toxic in a way that doesn't get applied to male players. And sometimes the very presence of a female voice in the chat is enough to set people off--it's not funny when you ask me if I'll send nudes, or if I'll perform an obscene act for you. (Even if you're "joking," it's really not funny, I promise.) It's grating to be continually asked if I'm a bomber main since I'm a girl, or for you to demand that I pocket you. (I don't play bomber. Sorry. How about naval planes?)It's especially not funny to be harassed, to have people make videos of them "trolling" me (and to receive dozens of hateful messages after), to be told to kill myself, to be called a bimbo and a♥♥♥♥♥♥and much, much worse. I've blocked people who then make multiple accounts to continually harass me. When playing with my girlfriend, we've been called all kinds of sexist epithets, plus an extra helping of homophobia when they find out we're dating.And despite all this, I still get on mic and speak. Partly because I'm not about to let a few sweaty manchildren ruin my gaming experience, but partly because it's more than just me. Time and time again, I've had other girls timidly get on mic when they hear my voice and express their relief at hearing another girl. They say they don't usually talk out of fear, but that it's nice to hear a friendly voice. People say that there aren't any girl gamers, but that couldn't be further from the truth--you've just create a climate where they're too scared to talk, because many of them have experienced the same things as me.I know most of you are decent people. I'm lucky to have a close circle of players who are talented, kind people. But we as a community need to do a better job of standing up against this kind of poor behavior. More than just reporting it when you see it (although I wholly recommend doing that): make it known that you don't tolerate sexist conduct. Even a simple "hey man, that's not cool" can both (1) let the harasser know that their behavior isn't condoned and (2) let the harassee know that decent people do exist. The silence of complicity and the silence of dissent sound the same--speak up to make your true colors shine.So please: be mindful, foster an environment that welcomes female players, and don't forget to bomb the airfield!ETA: Thanks for the (mostly) supportive response, I appreciate it! It means a lot to me that the average person still knows how to be polite. Like I said, it's the good eggs who make this community what it is.A couple people have said things akin to "this is the internet, grow a thicker skin, etc." I'm well aware of how the internet can be, and I do have a tremendously thicc skin as a result. It's not me I'm worried about; a lot of people don't have such a thicc skin, and it's those girls who aren't as hardened as I am who really suffer. Just because I'm a hardened shrew doesn't mean we all have to be.People have also said things akin to "if you don't want to be subject to homophobic harassment when you're playing with your girlfriend, you shouldn't announce to people that you guys are dating." Aside from putting the blame on me (which I think is unfair), I don't think these people understand the dynamics at play. It's not like I announce to everyone "Hey guys, this is my girlfriend! We are dating!" (although I really ought to, because she's a phenomenal woman). What generally happens is one of us will refer to other as "babe" during a game (e.g., "nice pilot knockout, babe"), then someone asks if we're dating, and then all hell breaks loose.Also, every person who responded to this post with "shut up bomber ♥♥♥♥♥" just proved my point. I know you think you're hilarious but you're not gonna get a comedy special for your scathing wit.
Shovel is more effective than starting rifles. On the scale of cleaning supplies I give it a discount wipe that you get at like a place that serves ribs. It works for a whole 0.0012 seconds then drys up and you have to get another, much like how you have to pay to have fun. Or, you know, play with friends and laugh at the corpse physics. 
This game is so bad that I would litrealy drive all the way to the store, buy the real game, then drive to my friend to play Monopoly with him IRL reather than playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥game.It is rigged as hell and so bad that the rolling cubes are in pattern that repeats it self and the "CHANCE" card are mostly bad.DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME, BAN THE DEVELOPERS!
Ive spent alot of time in this game between pc and xbox. This game used to be so fun and I had a blast. But Hi Rez and the community have run it straight into the depths of dead games.
I.                                                                        Really.                                                                                                                                                             Don't.            Care.
graphics look like farmville, gameplay based on waiting for numbers to get bigger so you can make other numbers bigger, a good, not good."but hey if you hate this game so much why did you play it for 77 minutes"BECASUEI PLAYED THIS GARBAGE FOR 42 HOURS ON ARMORGAMESKNOWING THE WHOLE TIME IT WAS GARBAGE AND FEELING NOTHING BUT DISAPPOINTMENT AND SHAME IN MYSELF AND I HAVE TO TURN SOME OF THAT OUTWARD Y'KNOW? THE WORLD'S GOTTA KNOW. MY SUFFERING COULD NOT HAVE BEEN FOR NOTHING.
Reasons why TF2 is bad:Bugs: 9 years after release, the game has more bugs than ever. Taunt glitches, spazzing ragdolls, symbols over player's heads that will get you killed (mini crit vulnerability symbol staying over player's heads is an example), buildings that are infinitely sapped, sappers remaining on unsapped buildings, players glitching outside of the map, the list goes on and on.Performance: Got that expensive rig with i5 processor and GTX970? Well, too bad, because this game runs like the average modern console port (while looking bad). Framerates surf between 40 and 150 with a period of 1-2 seconds. An enemy player that's on fire? Good luck hitting him. He'll lag your game so hard that your damage output for weapons like the minigun is halved.Bad design: - Directx 8 was obsolete 5 years before the game was even released, but yet it's still included out of sheer laziness. -The server browser is equally lazy and is completely obnoxious to use. -Want to use the custom server browser? Good, you only see ping, mapname and the number of people on the server. Valve never figured out that they can put "maptime left" on the list. -And of course the best part about the game: the hitboxes and the "lag compensation". If you played sniper for a period of time, you'll notice that you don't LEAD the target, but shoot somewhere random behind it.-Want to play pyro? Good luck with that. They managed to â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ that up too. The phlog only hits the player from certain angles, even when he's engulfed in flames.-Want to play heavy? Pray that there's never an enemy hugging you. You literally can't hit him if he's inside of your minigun.-See that enemy running up the stairs? Don't shoot rockets at him, because they will be absorbed by random clutter, dealing no damage to enemies.-Want to play demoknight? Good luck with that. You can't damage enemies that are in each other and "ghost hits" (hits where you get the sound of meat getting hit, but do no damage) are everywhere. I even get ghost hits on heavies that are standing perfectly still.-Communities are free to spam ads or even inject malicious code through people running the game and connecting to their servers.-The most recent fad: engineers going outside of the map and building sentries that can shoot people, while being protected by the invisible walls around the map. Jolly good fun and still not fixed after more than a month.-Want to call a vote on that cheater? Enjoy the coinflip, because your team clearly doesn't care enough to press F1 or F2. That is, if the vote window actually shows up of course! Want to know the result? Too bad, you only occasionally get the "yes" or "no" displayed, and you most certainly won't see the actual number of votes for each choice. Excellent design!-Is there a team that's clearly much worse than the other one? Too bad. Only the players with few points get "funbalanced" to that team. The actual players causing the imbalance stay on the other team.Rampant cheaters: GET GOOD GET MEMEBOX (yes they censored the actual word, probably afraid of bad reviews) spam, coming from heavies hitting every bullet while jumping in the air. This is still a thing. A sniper doing 5 headshot kills in 5 seconds. This is also a thing. These are the obvious ones that VAC can't even detect. Then there's the pyros with auto deflect scripts, aim assist snipers, aim assist spies, etc. Of course these are way harder to spot, but they exist. Valve never figured out that they can check Heavy accuracy and flag suspicious players, or snipers by monitoring damage output.Bad management and support from Valve: The recent past has shown several weapon stat changes that are utterly dumb. The phlog user was made invincible, the babyface blaster was rendered worthless, afterburn immunity of the demoknight shields completely void, ... The priorities are clearly on minimum effort and maximum profit. While this is a noble corporate strategy, it is, again, utterly dumb on the long run. Want to make or edit a map? Too bad, only an ancient version of Hammer still "works", the rest has been completely broken since the Steam Pipeline update from a couple years ago. This is particularly funny because Valve completely relies on community items and maps nowadays. Want to trade items? Too bad, you have to install bloatware on your phone, otherwise you get to wait 7 days. Thank you children who can't tell that www.totallynotakeyloggerâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥softcummunity isn't a legit link and that nobody is ever going to give you free items if you click that URL.Cancerous community: Memeface spammers, micspammers, cheaters, children who can't read the age restrictions and insist on using their mic, rich upper middle class kids looking down on new "F2P" players and downright bullying them, tryhards ruining everybody's fun by playing with a permanent medic in their pooper, a lot of people valuing collecting hats higher than playing the actual game, ...Summary: Not recommended for anyone. The game is beyond broken with an increasingly bad community and no improvements in sight.
Broken game in its current state, only because of how unbalanced it is. Way too easy to just save up and send regeneration rainbow bloons. Balance your game Ninja Kiwi. Not a fun game.I know it says I have no time put into this game but that's only because I played countless hours on other platforms. When playing a match, you can either use your money to buy upgrades/monkeys to defend or send bloons at your opponent to increase your income. Usually that would be find but around wave 12-13, if your opponent saved up money for a few rounds, can just win with like a 70% success rate. The ability to do this discourages players to get to further waves like 30-40. Why waste 30 minutes on a game you could end up losing when you can just save up at round 8-9 and send rainbow regens and win in like 10 minutes? You don't have to play many games to see how infested the online play is with this cheap, dirty "technique". Without a doubt the majority of players play like this and it makes the game unfun to play.
Early Access ReviewThere was HUGE potential! and I mean EUGE! But failed to be the game it felt it needed to be. Fortnite and PUBG are great games on their own, but Ring of Elysium feels as if you mushed the two together and added snowboards. The primary issues are bugs bug BUGS! I love me a good pasta, but DAG-NABBIT! IF there's bugs riddling my Fettuccini, I'm going to get my knickers in a bunch! Combat is a joke, Mobility is a joke, and quite frankly if you wanted to play a better Battle Royale game for free, you could just play Fortnite. OR you could play PUBG for a cost. but either way, prevent the stomach and heart ache later and just avoid this game. The beginning screen felt oddly familiar, and I mean REALLY familiar. Theres this in game currency you can use to buy things in the store... that doesn't exist yet, and as you level up by playing the game, you unlock skins, emotes, colorful items, and bragging rites. but if you wish to pay for the V.I.P version, you can get more rewards, more skins, and that means more fun! right? Skins=Wins so therefore you get the skins... except theres only 3 base skins in the game. And there are about three color options for each of them. Overall, it's just a buggy game, and too underdevoloped to receive any good comments. Copy and paste games should go where other plagerized items go. The disposal.
Early Access ReviewWhy bother writing a review for this game? Everyone is on the same boat; this game is terrible.-Takes 30 bullets from an assault rifle to kill an enemy-Laggy af-Mediocre textures-CoD/CS:GO knockoff-Maps are way too small-Another game where the first three letters of the title are WAR-Starting pistol is way too powerfulBut hey, I got to use the uninstall feature for the first time.
Early Access ReviewThis game was good. Then, they had gone and f*cked it all up. i liked the old menu, ond unlocks, and older versions. but these devs dont listen to what the fans want. they just want all of the money they can get
Slow to load (takes a couple rounds of Rocket league to load while not giving any indication of the progress), and slow to run. I wouldn't recommend this. There are other games out there that (albeit with lesser graphics) provide a much better flying experience.
Early Access ReviewDo not buy this boring, trash, possibly scam of a game. Bless Online is  pretty at times but broken animations, cinematics and the frozen wyverns stuck in the sky totally detract from any visual splendor they might have wished to achieve. There are tons of other better MMOs out there to play instead of this one. Nothing about Bless is gripping. Its got a crap story, uninteresting combat and is overall very unfinished. Its failed in multiple countries and now I understand why. As for the limited community I dealt with they were just trolls, farmers or bots.
(This review deals exclusively with Neverwinter's Dungeon Creator and its community)I sunk dozens of hours (all before Neverwinter was on Steam) into the one redeeming quality of this game: the level editor. It's one of the best I've ever seen and writing, planning, and creating dungeons and quests is an awesome game in itself. I can't say enough in its praise. However, even this element of the game is ruined by the toxic community. Creators band together in level-making mafias to promote and upvote each others' dungeons (without letting on that they all in it together), and God forbid you ever give less than a 4/5 to one their quests--they will downvote your creations in retaliation.That this game's playerbase can take something wonderful like the dungeon creator and infuse with all the nastiness and spite of hardcore PvP left such a bitter taste in my mouth that I've never touched the game again.
I have played warthunder a lot and watched it turn more and more pay-to-win with every patch.The developers had a nice thing going, a unique game that was fun to play and easy to get into but with a high skill ceiling.Now it's just a pay-to-win mess with lootboxes and an extremely bad matchmaker.I wonder how things would have gone if the game was in more capable hands, a company that didn't alienate it's community, by being hostile towards their playerbase and being solely in it for the money.
Early Access ReviewI played this game a LOT when it first came out and I loved it, I loved being a commander sending in troops to help with the war, I loved sniping, flanking, finding different routes to the objective and adjusting my guns through the money gained each match.2 years on I went back to the game.... I wish I hadn't. The commander mode i enjoyed was now gated under high ranks I would never achieve (i liked to log in play an hour or two as commander and then go do something else) so now I won't be able to help in the war effort by sending troops in. The progression has been slowed right down to where you NEED the premium (which you pay for) to get anywhere and even then it's still slow going.The game itself seems to have gone backwards in gameplay and the menu system is... awful. good luck finding anything quickly if your new or coming back to the game after a long period away. Limited squads means you can only team with 2 other friends, a very big♥♥♥♥♥♥if you're wanting to play with 3 or more friends because guess what.... you cant! Unless you rank up A LOT to (we think) increase the number of people in the squad. Bad, bad system.Personally having gone back a year, maybe two later I won't be playing this game again. It's sad, because i used to love this game but from what i've read and heard the devs dont seem to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about what their consumers say/want which is never a good thing really. Current rating of this game: 4/10(There is SOME fun to be had in this game still, but like most of the upgrades it's gated behind hours and hours of frustration. In my view, not worth it.)
So I wanted to give the game a fair shot and I enjoyed it for quite a while actually and then it kind of all went to hell in a flaming car while demons sprinkled acid in to my eyes. Let me just say that the idea behind Dota is fun and its mechanically a good, if sometimes very oddly janky, game and if it were just up to that it would be fun. But its not just that. I don't think I've seen more people take a game more seriously and turn on eachother in such a way that is so cringe inducingly sad until your team loses every lane and you're forced to turtle the rest of the game out. I've seen death threats, people insulting eachother's lives and it just makes me wonder why bother? Add onto that the fact that games go from bad to worse when mistakes lead to uphill battles that can't be clawed back from and games in which you will literally be stunned for eight seconds straight and god help you if you fall even a little bit behind then because you will then not want to be in the game. So all in all I'd suggest you don't pick this game up and just let the community fizzle and pulse as it wants.
takes 10mins to get into a PVP game and PVE is so easy the AI can win the match for you. looks cool, plays like a MOBA and untill you know all the ships expect to get one shot or just generally destroyed very quickly. As you are in Huge ships you would expect the battles to be epic but they are over every quickly in general(if you have played world of tanks then you could expect every ship to be like the tiar 10 bat chat) huge damage but no armor(even for the tanky ships).3 of us got it to play over the weekend, all three of use are done with it and its only 8PM on friday.
Just a gimped down mobile version of yugioh, buggy and not worth your time. The tutorials ingame arrive too late and only belittle anyone playing. This only compounds on the fact that they are part of the progression in game. Furthermore you have new levels of rarity like super rare, and ultra rare, their rarity often tied to how useful or good a card is.This in turn gimps the game for anyone who hasn't played a while. Limited deck slots is also a thing that is forced on the player. Fullscreen is not enabled by default, the gui is designed for a mobile phone and you often have terrible lag between menus and actions. Lastly, even the gameplay mechanics are gimped. There is no mainphase 2 for example. I could go on but you get the jist. Don't waste your time. 
Yugioh is still a fun game but Konami is just as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as usual. While this game is free to play without either putting in ungodly hours or paying rediculous amounts of money its impossible to get past gold in pvp. It uses a whatsome complex card buying system where you purchase packs out of boxes. so while there maybe 10x of a common and 50 different commons while only 1x of eight UR (the rarest cards) in a box of 200 packs. you can only use three of any cards in a deck and most commons are useless so you could (and often will, as there almost always an UR in the last packs) have to buy 500 commons or 200 packs (at £30 for 30) just to get one useful card. Also the RNG is flat out the worst I have ever used in a game. As a long time yugioh I have had had bs draws in this that I simply could never get in real life. Its the same the over way, I have had the perfect card after card and almost felt bad when playing online. All that being said I don't imagine I'll stop playing but also will not forget how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a company Konami is and never pay for cards/buy one of their games again. If you want to play this game seriously be prepared to either fork out either tons of cash or a major grind until you have useful spell/trap cards. (Mirror wall, wall of disruption, SRH etc)and one pet hate or two: they use official rules but do not use the offcial ban list and if you find a card bug like I did (Nepththys not coming back from GY after being sent there by Hazy Flame Mantikor) expect to be ignored and bug not fixed.TL;DR good game as ever,♥♥♥♥♥♥company and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ money grabbing tactics
Their sign up is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I tried several times to enter a password and it keeps getting kicked back to the same page with the user and pass enpty. Fine thing ..If they can't work this out Im in for another game to try.. Might be a good game but who'd know.So..Don't waste yout F'in time..
Pros-Pretty graphics-Good combat mechanics-Everywhere you can find people so you don't feel lonely in any area-Story is good and makes you want to play more and quests are challenging -Undead (FOR THE WATCH<3!!)-Many classes!ConsOh BOY!-The system requirements are a lie...I perfectly meet the system requirements but I can't play comfortably even tho I got the graphics at low!-The game is really unbalanced in pvp mode-the mage(generally mage classes) is overpowered as hell-It's nearly impossible to get the best weapons/armor in the game because you need lose your life by grinding all day long-Too many in-game currencies!When I first played I was completely overwhelmed from the many currencies that are into the game...I got really confused and felt utterly stupid-The worst con is the fact that the developers focus only on how they will make money by making only new content when there are many things NEEDED to be FIXED!I am pretty sure my review is nothing different from the other negative reviews  but I felt like I should write my review and express my own opinion about this gameI personally give this game a 4-5/10Even though pros were more than the cons,cons had a significant impact on the game and made it unenjoyableThanks for your time
Access ReviewThis game is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I just built my new pc and have very few things downloaded, This game was one of those things and when I sign in it says their anti cheat system detected records of cheating or sum stupid and so I have been banned from login. smhI love this game and it would be so amazing if I dunno... I COULD PLAY IT
I do not like it. The bots are really, really, overpowered, I mean I played for a decent amount of time and I start to hate it. All bots dodge my properties while I'm going on all their properties. Other than that, there should not be any option to re-roll with coins or get an even/odd number, makes the game pay-to-win. 
It is disappointing how much real money is required to have fun in the this F2P title. Do not waste your time downloading this game, it is seriously not worth it whatsoever. I really can not stress how bad the micro transactions have ruined this game.
Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewSo I come back to this game and guess what I uninstalled it after 10 mins, you know why? BECAUSE  THEY ♥♥♥♥ING RUINED THE GAME! GG STUPID♥♥♥♥♥DEVELOPERS. Do you understand how you guys had mostly positive before and now its mostly negative. I hate you for ruining a perfectly good and fun game.
one friend of mine always thinks he can catch the incoming bomb instead of dodging it so that he can outplay. Whenever someone picks up the bomb, he gets super excited and just stands there so he can try to grab it mid-air. But 99.9% of the time, this manz gets hit by the bomb and dies. This is a metaphor to me launching brawhalla at night.
Early Access ReviewHorrible launch, Very disappointed at their network engineers & their outlook on have a solid optimization plan in effect. While i understand that you can not predict everything & launch being critical at ironing out the presenting issues of massive connections, you can tell that the framework theyre using can not sustain the large player base. This is an issue of UE3 at its core & the framework they present to work along with the build of the game. There is a reason proper made games focus on their netcode firstly, take notice if they will have to reconstruct the game engine or build one from scratch. All of these issues are as bright a day to see for everyone as a developer & someone who tinkers with UE. Aside from what ive said earlier, the game is still meh. I've played JP,KR,RU Bless. All of which still present to me that they have not even taken seriously to build their game enviornment. Basic shaders,Basic materials & assets. Almost feels like they've made this game with the "Blueprint" design feature UE offers and not a object-oriented,omponent-oriented language. The game enviornment feels empty and just basic, as if someone just placed assets all over the world with no care and thats it. Skill usage still feels very basic.... Although I would say much better than before the Rebuild of the game. UI Clunky & cheap feelings, almost as if the UI is still a prototype. Such an awesome take on the mount system, yet they mess it up with having a stamina system. Stamina goes down very quick, jumping kills it so fast its ridiculous. I dont know what the devs were thinking when they introduced this, especially with the world being so big. Quality of skins,effects & costumes isn't so bad, i enjoyed it.Not much content to do really. Dungeons or Monster quest killing is just about all youre really going to be doing. Besides PvP being end game, which by the way, i dont see be enjoyable with such performance and network issues. Over all, This game is still so incomplete... I would consider the state of this game Alpha to Pre-Alpha... Bless, After all the issues you have had, you should be letting us play this game for free, You should provide us with proof that your game is in a better state rather than charging us for packs. Pure Sillyness. I wasn't going to buy this game at all but i said why the heck not, let me give the devs a chance, Well, i did & steam has now REFUNDED me. This game is not worth 30 or 40 dollars. I would say these issues wouldnt be too bad with a free release & let us test the game for you. Good luck on future endevors bless, im out.
This would be a neutral rating, since the plaines you get seem very limited to me, and you have to spend up to 60$ to get another one. Of course the devs need their money and people pay that money, but for me, the budget is always an important point ,and, altough im generally interested in flight sims, its just a bit to much money for me. I dont have That many hours in the game, but i can tell you its the mount everest of learning courves as well, so maybe  i just need to invest more time, but, at the moment, id say "be ready to spent some money, and bring a lot of patience with you"
Early Access ReviewGive monkeys with typewriters enough time and they will eventually write shakespeare unfortunately this is not shakespeare, the monkeys just threw poop at us again.
Early Access Reviewi'm sorry to say but i have no ider to say from this game just becomes i cun't play this game it's crash a lot so if this get fix and i can get in than i may be play this
For some reason this♥♥♥♥♥♥just keeps disconnecting every match I play(it's ranked, even) for nothing, since I already played a lot normally, and no, it's not the connection itself, all other services work just as fine.
Early Access ReviewTerrible Early Access plan. Horrible ability to remedy glaring issues. They forced everyone into 1 server so when that server is full, you're just screwed. All the perks for buying a founders pack? Locked to that character you redeemed them on. They spin up new worlds but for the initial players getting into the game, all the extra for a founders pack is wasted. Bugs, bugs, bugs everywhere once in game.
Early Access Reviewthis game was really fun until u released the new update now the game is base on luck it all goes around what u get in the cases ive seen a level 10 with the rocket pod thing when before the update you had to be like max level to get it i just find this game really unfair i hate it so much now also u have to spend money on the purple cases which are the best u dont have to but there so hard to get. i decided to redownload the game and try it again to see if it was any better but guess what nope still the pay to win game. i wish they would just bring this game back to what it was before all the (pardon my french)♥♥♥♥♥♥updates that there where
It's been a long time I'm playing this games, and the crates update just kill the game. Let me explain, before when you win or lose a battle you had RP (money of the game) by how efficient you were in the battle, with the RP you were able to buy stuff for your bot, now it's just full random, you win ? well let me give you♥♥♥♥♥♥for you reward. You lose? well the random thing can give you a better stuff than the win reward. The game has lost in dynamic too, they nerf the rate of fire of every weapons to increase the time to kill but the game feel weird now. Instead of nerfing the rate of fire they just had to nerf the damage but I guess the dev just want to be original (hipster). I loved to play this game, now I feel sad because I unistall it. Updated, still♥♥♥♥♥♥
Heavily unfair, some gods are just so powerful that the game is just unplayable sometimes. More exclusive/lmited skins then there is actual skins you can buy. The people who play this game are so toxic you will use the chat to argue with people who think they are the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bugs and glitches from 3 years ago are still here. Assualt is the only balanced game mode because people can't just spam pick overpowered gods since you get them chosen for you randomly.
Early Access ReviewThs game is a lot of fun and the combats are usually pretty competitive.All was fine until the epic loot update and they removed the RB rewards for matches (used to buy whatever parts you want) and replaced by a random drop system.The random drop system is not fun at all since you can play for a good while without ever getting parts you will actually use and instead getting a ton of useless parts.  You then recycle them at 1/10th of the part value and end up getting maybe 1 usefull part per 10 to 20 matches.I totally recommend this game as it is fun, but be prepared to be "incentivize" more than ever to buy premium status.  And even with premium you still get that sad random drop system.Because that is such a turn off for me, I have to give a thumb down to the game at this point.I really, REALLY hope they will bring back the RP system, and if they ever do, I will be extremely happy to review this review :)
good game realistic if u have a good team u might win the germans are op the russians are alot the americans have op planese so dont pick america anlest u have a plane dont pick russia atleast u have paretrupers dont pick germany anleast u have tanks and smgs and u will lose alot cose the servers are potattos and team mates want tanks so they dont have to move game was good few months ago but now it is CANCER
Early Access ReviewThis game has a good potential.It seems kinda fun, and teoretically can compete with Battlegrounds (especiall, if it won't become pay2win freemium), however its awfully optimized, as I can not run it without severe lags even on minimals, (and I have a relatively decent rig for the date).In its current state I can not recommend it. I hope the devs will see my review and make certain adjustments.
Early Access ReviewTrying to recommend this game is trying to tell me that I should kill my Palico on Monster Hunter World: It's impossible.Many of Artix Entertainment's adventures into Lore have been interesting, from the ever-nostalgic AdventureQuest, to the dragon-infested DragonFable, to a Lore where every kid who can't PvP uses Void Highlord on AdventureQuest Worlds. Now we have the most linear and most boring of these Lore adaptations, not to mention the most toxic of communities.I started playing, got the name Chronicle, got the Chronomancer set, and I was happy not spending any money on the game. Reached the graveyard where everyone else was struggling, and regardless of the many people that are in the area, nobody was interested in helping each other. I do admire, to a full extent, of AE's intention to pull away from the ease of doing everything yourself, to relying constantly on teamwork to push through. While this would normally work, it doesn't when everyone you meet is a constant jerk. Even some of the most recognisable faces in AQ3D would rather brag about what items they have over helping the newer players who haven't a clue. It's become so biased and it's hasn't had a long full release yet.Let's not mention a lie that has doomed the game from the very start. It had been started that "as we have always said, micro-currency will never pay-to-win power but will be used to (among other things) save time", which was intended for the crafting system, but the rest of the game is reliant on being as rich as a guy with a Burning Flames Team Captain on TF2 just to catch up from level 1 without missing out. The kickstarter rewards, not to mention, are nonsensical. Instead of physical items that can be souvenirs from a time where you provided monetary assistance to get the game out, you're instead treated to virtual items that may/may not provide a headstart to a game that was meant to be free of the P2W stigma. Instead, they've since welcomed it. It's the typical Steam MMO we hoped it wouldn't be.It's such a shame. As Artix von Krieger's friend and fan, I'm utterly disappointed with how AQ3D turned out. Sad to say, there's no way to fix it.
Early Access ReviewI used to love this game. I had a lot of great expereinces, and today I hopped on again to have some more fun, but what I found shocked me. Lots of features I loved were gone. The new item system was just awful, and all bots felt extremely fragile. The need for a chair was removed, which is extremely disapointing as now bots dont have a weak point you have to stratigicly place. healing ruins the game, and the old gamemode, which was awesome and required stratigy and skill was completely removed. In the new item system, getting parts feels like a massive grind, and its just no fun. i spent hundreds of (forgets what money is called) on armor, and then all armor is removed. Even if you do like it as it is now, dont trust the devs to keep it, as they frequently seem to change the game entirely. the worst part is now they push the membership even more than it allready was. Want a bot thats not white, grey, orange, or blue? Give us money. Want the grinding halved? give us money.I also found that my extremely expensive bot I sold my other two bots for now was basicly worthless, and that I will have to basicly start over.Will I keep playing? Sure. But in the way I play pokemon now. not because i enjoy it, but because im trying to squeeze out a time beet of delicous nostalga juice.
If you want to have fun this game is not for you, the game is tailored in a way that only by spending the most money in the game you can have a comptetitive deck, maybe after playing a year of f2p you can build a combo but by the time you do that the meta would have probably shifted anyways, so you will see the same decks at the top ranks and even at lower ranks you can find people who obviously spent money on themed decks, which is sad becase this game had potential to be very fun but instead it comes out as another easy cash grab, if you are going to spend money on cards spend that money on the real cards which at least have a value because this game servers will be shutting down sooner or later and I dont think anyone is getting a refund.
Do not invest money into this whatsoever.The administration are ban happy and edge on the side of social justice, the community is mostly flooded with people who boarderline fail to do basic motor skills and are often useless to you, and you are stuck to play a select few of build metas where if you try any other method of building or tactic you will just get floored hard.
The game used to be abosuletly amazing. Every day I would come on to collect my star bonus and over a few weeks I would have myself a new character to play and level up. Now the only way to get characters is to pay money. I (as like lots of other players) like to play games that are 100% free and i think that the game has been completely ruined. The game has so much potential if it just makes it possible to buy characters with coins again but keep the option to buy them with the premium currency. The potential is there and can easily be reached.
Used to like this game. Good concept, brings people from across the world to duel too bad Konami is a money hungry company their nick name is Komoney for a reason.1. Random Time limit loss eg: you are winning are a turn away from winning with 150 seconds left on the timer and you lose for no reason and a little message comes up "lost due to time limit loss"2. The fact that updates arent mandatory. What game lets 2 different updates exist side by side in their game and play with eachother like wtf are you stupid?3. That time a couple months back when you could summon enemy controller (spellcard) as a monster4. Drop hackers using modded APK5. Meta that favours buying new boxes basically as soon as they come out the only useless box so far has been "six samurai" box6. Free to play, pay to win. You can free play but you have to research what cards to get, randomly buying a bunch of random packs will set you back in pvp where you will platue and you will be stuck playing against ai which is horrible cause pvp gives you access to card tickets and more rewards.7. These problems existed from game start
This game is awesome. I play it on my smartphone all the time. And that's my problem with this game being on Steam. This is a PC I'm writing this review on. I'd rather play the full WOT game on it instead of a mini version designed for my smartphone.
ok so i havent played this game in a long time. im gonna start fresh on someone new and add to this review sometime later.when i first played this game, I would grind quite a bit but thats just my nature for gaming.hopefully i can still enjoy this gameEDIT:after spending an ungodly amount of time trying to install this game TWICE, i concluded that it is now♥♥♥♥♥♥
Great game until you get to Tier V then the matchmaking is terrible you're either with some tank Aces or absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Only way to keep your win rate up where it was is to buy premium, also after Tier VII you the tanks become very unprofitable so you have to buy coins unless you plan on grinding your way up which becomes very boring... I would rather pay for the game and have better matchmaking...
I loved this game until the last update. Now the game is broken.- Clicking becomes litterally useless early game- Your powers once you unlock them are based on clicking power, so also useless right from the start since clikcing is already trivial when you get those.- Some upgrades are buggued- Ingame Bonusses are now so rare and worthless, you dont even want to pay attention to the game anymore to get those.The developpers took a great entertaining and addicting game, and made it a frustrating and anoying game. Until they fix this, if they do fix it, i do not recommend the game to anyone.
Product received for freeEarly Access Review-------------------------------------update-------------------------------------This game will go down like PUBG and im sick of this kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥show.The server became exremely laggy lately.Full-auto shooting seems to be nerfed (full mag of Browning MG at 10m target, he survived)Sniperrifles come with much more ammo now, which will turn the balanced between close-range and sniper to favor of sniper, which will add another frustration because the game will end up in sniperbattles and completely ignoring the BR-gameplay.Just like H1Z1 or PUBG, i loved the game but im sick and tried of seeing BR games going to♥♥♥♥♥♥Someone wake me up when a real developer seriously wants to build a BR game without screwing the playerbase just because of making more money or just listening to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who thinks non-stop sniperbattles are fun and nerfing MPs/ARs so much you can't hit♥♥♥♥♥♥with them.-------------------------------------old-------------------------------------This is the lite-version of PUBG, except that it's better than PUBG.no lags and no obviously cheaters til now.Second match was already "dinner-time" :-)To add:fast gamejoining (no lobby), more focus on close-range firefights instead of PUBGs 24/7 sniperbattles, weapons actually hurt enemies...really, they DO damage to them ! One short burst and people actually die. Unbelievable :-/Oh...and last but not least:IT'S FOR FREEIT'S FOR FREEIT'S FOR FREEI even hate Bluehole more now. They ruined PUBG just to get away with all the money.And a developer like this just throws out a better version FOR F*CKING FREE.Bluehole deserves cancer. Painful cancer.
Early Access Reviewik i have under 100hrs but honestly this stupid "battle pass" that they just added is just another money maker like all other battle royal i am little disapointed i thought this game was gunna be diffrent but i guess not and for some reason i lost some of my cosmetics that i unboxed welp i guess im  not getting that back these are my only main complaints other wise i love the game and the rest of it but come on guys really a battle pass we don't need it if this is going to turn into a "fortnite" then ima sorry but i want my money back from the founders pack cause clearly you guys have crypto cash that people can buy now
This game is fun for about 2 days, then it gets lame. You do the same thing over, and over again. New town, defeat dungeon, new town, defeat dungeon etc. Unbalanced PvP and you only spam x + z then maybe 2 skills/ minute.  3/10
Opened the game. This looks cool. Creates character. Walks along path to the cave. Is rekt by skeleton thing. Respawns. Can't find the skeleton thing in cave. Can't find skeleton thing anywhere on floating island. Tries reloading game. Skeleton thing still no where to be seen. Can't do anything else. Times fallen off map or glitched through it: 1000000. Am I missing something?
I've sunk a bit over $400 into the game.  Help.EDIT: Game now includes essentially malware (EAC), if you are concerned about your privacy don't play this.  EAC does not actually do anything, it is easily bypassed and it just bans normal players because their drivers look a little strange, look at for honor.
If you played bloons 3,4,5 and you love to test your endurance by accomplishing the most rounds, this game is'nt for you. Like myself, the fun in bloons games is to go late games and trying different combination of monkeys for fun. Unfornately, this gets ruined 9/10 of the time when the other team sends bloons rush on round 13 or red blimps on round 20. it is almost garunteed a lose if that happens. Even if you play the club matches, ZOMG spam is instant domination. The defensive mode is , not good. Also, if you first start the game, you won't get the full upgrades of all monkeys, meaning that you'll have to play a ton of games to get tier 3 and 4 (unless you buy medellions).  I'm not saying that this game is rigged and bad, it's just a different style of playing bloons TD that Ninja Kiwi has made.
Early Access ReviewThis is easily the worst game I've ever bought. Buggy, game decides when it allows you into the character selection screen. Sometimes on first attmept, sometimes you haveto try 10 times.The performance is awful even on a good gaming PC. Translation is a joke, "poison" instead of "position"? Really? The FoV is too narrow, you have to edit the .ini file yourself for the game to use vertical FoV instead of the too narrow horizontal FoV. People are mass duping items from the AH, which obviously means totally broken economy. The "action combat", something they were advertising, only works with one class, Berserker, all the other classes don't have that feature. The UI is impossible, it's huge, can't edit anything. The game is running DX9. Really? It's 2018!!!This could all be excused if it was a free game, just about. But the fact remains this is the most broken pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥I've ever bought.And no, it's not early access, the game is a few years old now and nothing has changed. Lucky enough, Steam refunded the game pretty much immediately, which is great. AVOID!!!
I have played this game for awhile now +800 hrs, yes life wasted. This game can be pay to win for those people that waste hundreds of dollars to get +10,+11 for there weapon. Money is also wasted on skills, skill pages, pets, mounts, and costumes that are way over priced practically $25 just for one costume. PvE is somewhat repetitive, my only focus was PvP for that reason. Now PvP I recommend you stay away from it, its not worth the time to waste to get good. This is how practically every match goes, outplay the opponent the whole match than opponent gets one catch gg its over. PvP is filled with people that are gear carried especially in the higher ranks. Of course one would say just to get geared yourself but than another issue arises which is connection. This games connection in pvp is quite horrible I live in the U.S. I would get matched up with people in Europe or South America. Servers are bad practically every match is lag heaven. I dont mind getting destoyed by gear carried people and if it were just that issue I would recommend this game but the lag in PvP killed it for me.  If your willing to deal with the issues this games has than by all means download it and waste your life on it like I did trying to get decent gear in order to not get destroyed in PvP by laggy gear carried people. If your gonna stick to PvE than have some friends with you it would make it less boring and make it seem a little less repetitive. All in all its somewhat pay to win, with decent PvE, and PvP that would be great if I didnt always face someone from a different country.
Early Access ReviewI have been following this game for a while and ordered the founders pack to be part of the pre launch headstart. Everything wrong with the game people have been complaining about is completely true. Duping exploits, broken quests, terrible translations, even worse optimization, the list goes on.I got a full refund from Steam and was quite happy about it... But about 6 hours later, I went and paid for the game again. I want to see how this all pans out because deep down there is a good game, once all the layers of filth and dirt have been swepped away (this won't be a few days or weeks, this is months to year) this has the possibility to be a really enjoyable MMO. I would suggest to most people that you wait until this day, but for me I want to see it through and actually help the developers make the changes they need to make;TLDR: Don't buy this unless it's 2019/2020
Well already having a account i thought i try but every time i ask for my password the page don't have a button to click so i cannot submit to get a new password..  Noticed their main pages have security holes too so be aware.So at this time i do not reconmend it.
Terible for VR, they do know right when you have VR goggles on you cant see a pc keybard? and the hands in the cockpit do nothing what so ever so cant even press the cockpits buttons or anything, with makes flying in VR close to imposible you would have to lift up your googles everytime you wanted to acess the pcs keyboard crazy..
Stupidest match-making system I've ever seen. Ranked matches are always unfair whether you get too pro teammates and noob enemies or noob teammates and pro enemies, hardly found equality in some matches. Moreover this shhit is not worth playing if you don't have any friends. Party vs Solo players matches don't make sense. Valve will never be serious about their games bcz their are some idiots who only play these shhits and never complain about their problems. gameplay 9/10match making system 2/10community 3/10 ( at least better than CS: GO)
Early Access ReviewEngineer Royale. A game where the devs are oblivious to the fact the engineer has been broken for several patches and have yet to nerf it.  In fact they buffed it. Would recommend this game but the devs are too stupid.
Played it for actuactly 1,6 hours, me and my friends hopped on a server, ran for 1,6 hours and then saw our first animal, when we tried to shoot it we had to give irl money to the game if I wanted to shoot it. So me and my buddies quit the game and never came back. Unless you are willing to pay money don't waste your time on this game
░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░░░▀░░░░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░5 year's and it still sucks.
this is game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥taccording to the YU GI OH regular rule, players have to edit 40 cards in each deck, but in this game we can edit at least 20 cards in our decks. That means a lot of cards are useless. You have to build a fast tactics for duel if u wanna win, so the unmber of cards is large, but the tactics is very very simple.
What kind of a D&D game doesn't allow you to wield and use whatever the hell you feel like, regardless of character class? This killed the game for me...Although this one is superior to DDO in character customization aspects and by having mounts altogether, the lack of freedom you get because of class restrictions is just mind-boggling.
If you came for a Free to play hunting simulator that you can play with your friends, like so many others, then turn around and keep your hand on your pocket. If you came to purchase a hunting sumulator W.O.W. then continue this is the game for you, and yes you have to pay for tri-monthly or yearly memberships.
Its not a bad game. rather its not really a game imo.After a few hours and you realise the lack of content here and its just you watching things poof from existance...endlessly, it becomes completly pointless. the game literally says you dont even need to have the game open for it to continue on its own. so im here because? move my players around for minor bonuses which have next to no impact that iv noticed. oo that monster died 0.5 seconds faster.yey =/.collect items that auto anyway. and as for attacking my self, your the weakest character by far and i just moved him out and went full auto.and every new character fully over shadows the last so leveking itself is pointless. click here to move to the next level. i cant even call this busy work because it too is pointless. its not even a time waster. what was i expecting i spose.
i dont get this. ive been waiting to connect for over an hour, once i load the loading screen it says disconnected from the server, all the time. and 4 times i finally got to join and it says youve been killed by a zombie... wtf is happening?
Early Access ReviewThe game was good. BUT in the last update you just DESTROY the fu***ing game. Everyone loves to play with the Legendary weapom. Now you just say to all of us "Ok, if you want a Legendary Weapom be lucky, pray to RNG  give you one." (I openned 5 Drops and i found just 1). Thank you Hi-rez for do♥♥♥♥♥♥with a good game A G A I N.
Early Access ReviewGarbage just gained a new meaning with this terrible “game”. Not worth wasting your time, company needs to rethink their gamestyle that sucks your wallet. Played browser version and adventure quest worlds for a very long time and this game is a mistake made by bored developers seeking a way to earn money.
first off let me say warthunder is a great game with lots of potential, but it will never reach the full potential, heres why:1.the russian biasit is pretty self explanatory, the devs are russian and so they need to beef up their tanks and planes to make them look better than they were historically.2. the pushing of premiumthe devs constantly push you to buy premium by shoving it in your face as you log in or by telling you that you could be in in tier 5 right now if you had given them your life savings.3.Overpriced premium packsThe premium packs can cost upwards of 100 usd. its sad i know4. extremely slow progressionprogression takes too long, its just a way to get you to buy premium.5. the preium biasyes i know its pretty sad but if you buy premium your ingame performance magically just improves. your guns and armour do so much better.so dont buy into this game or pay the devs money. they dont deserve it they never will. also dont go onto their forums, everyone is toxc and so are the leading moderators who are rude arrogant and vulgar.
youre not in baby league with ketchapp anymore, no more of that "at least they dont run ads"♥♥♥♥♥♥people used to say, youre now fighting against big names like league, who dont make you spend♥♥♥♥♥♥for the core of the game. riot doesnt say "camille is going to be balanced, you wont know how until it comes out, but she will kind of stay the same" like you did with balance, they dont cost $600 when a new box comes out every month to get everything from it. they have actual people with live help. when you email good ol komoney, they make you wait 2 weeks, then have a robot send you a copied message.     what sets you appart from league, dota, destiny, overwatch other than its a different game. if i can press 2 buttons to play a game that i dont need to spend♥♥♥♥♥♥on, or click 2 buttons to play a game that i need to farm for 45 days on, then get one deck, then not be able to try any new decks, sorry, but im going for the one im not forced to spend on.      btw gem cap sucks, if my gems are about to expire 2 days before gx comes out, what do i do? spend it on ninja(which was supposedly one of the strongest tier 1) which i did not want to spend it on, but im forced to because of your expiration date and im not going to spend 5k then have 10k for the new cards. then i dont have any gems to spend when gx comes out because im forced to.    i can use it to farm a second account without logging in and out, so thats good i guess.
Next time you decide to install something on my computer maybe ask about it and if you still do it, let me uninstall it in a normal way. "Gajin.net Agent", cool name for malware. The game is fine, the developers are not.
I used to have this game on the windows store and i loved it. I even installed it on steam after my Windows store stopped installing updates. BUT its really not the same. I do not have a very good laptop but the Windows store ran it perfectly without lagging and had no issues. When i got it on steam, it spawned me in like halfway through the game and was lagging a lot. This ruined the whole experience. If you dont have a very good laptop you should get in on Windows store it is much better (at least for me). :)
I went in a game with my IV tank and everyone else was teir V. So whats the big deal? I did 0 dmg out of 20 shots wich means they all had armor better than any IV tank. This happents allot even with other teirs.
WT was fun, used to have a blast. ♥♥♥♥boi's cried and Gaijin as always a useless ♥♥♥♥nugget patched everything to oblivion so now you fight cold war era tanks with WW2. IS-6 is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke, you cannot kill it. What else...oh, yeah it's useless to do anything but die you might get lucky and get into a match with others that are op as ♥♥♥♥ but if youre in tier 4 or 5 then you're going to get♥♥♥♥♥♥on most of the time. Have fun, hope you die Gaijin.
It is fun.. only with friends. The gameplay is taking a horrible direction, every advertisement/promotional video has goofy **** going on and it's nowhere near the 'Ultimate WW2 Shooter' as they call it. Walking and running is stuttering 24/7 as if it's in alpha, people cannot shoulder their rifles without arthritis, and there are only 2 or 3 people communicating per team out of a full game.The developers aren't taking this serious at all, and the gameplay is complete dog****. Flying tanks, flying jeeps, planes that crash into the ground and take off again are all good for promotions to them. I can't believe I spent almost 350 hours in this game, literally a waste of my time.I thought it would be a fun game, but no, grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind.I wouldn't even dare to try it if I were you, not worth it at all.
Early Access ReviewFantastic game, then the filthy jews ruined it by turning it into a cashgrab. Was fantastic this time last year. Disgrace. Dont even try it. The game is a literal piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥now. RIPocraft
with this latest update dota suckss worst update ever i ♥♥♥♥ing hate playing this game i just finished my game and ill make sure this will be my last time playing dota ♥♥♥♥ing terriable game  
Early Access ReviewThis game was a promiseing game and a good time up untill the the last two patchs have just killed it.  don't bother down loading there are better alternitives out there.  Good Luck Have Fun!!!!
I gave it an honest try, but at the moment it is not mature enough. And with 'mature', I don't mean 'for adults', though that is also the case, in my opinion. Where to start... This 'free to play' constantly notifies you of buyable stuff and uprades. I suspect that you will miss out if you never buy anything in the game, so the 'free to play' is a con.What annoys me too, is that the 'open world' is not that open. When walking outside, I expect to be actually able to walk from A to B, and not having to load new parts of the outside all the time.The first time I played, the game crashed on me.The second time I played, I wasn't able to find a menu with a 'Quit' option, so I finally Alt+F4'd my way out.It's kinda fun to walk around in the world you know from the movies and series, but that's about it. The graphics aren't all that good. The controls are far from intuitive (I play a couple of other open world games with different controls to move around, none of them as bad as this, and it's nothing to do with 'getting used to).The reason I finally gave up, was the profanity filter in the chat. It filters out 'un' (and words starting with it, like unrealistic, uninstall, et cetera), 'mark', 'slap' (I said 'slap on the wrist'), and the single use of '?'. It made me look like a badmouth, while the only thing I actually said that got filtered out, that was the closest to a profanity, was 'dognibbit'. I'm going to install the game, because there are better games to fill my precious time with.
got it PCMag/BundleStars bundle with RACO 07 a GTR Evolution... Terrible game! Randomly "alt-tabs" me out and there is no other option than kill the proccess. Not a single♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game is free, everything is for som points
This game. It's a proper MMO, but I can't simply recommend it. It's fun as hell but it soon just becomes a chore to get new vehicles, spending countless hours playing boring matches to get a new plane only to do more boring matches. The controls are great, the 30 dollar campaign is great, the scenarios are really fun but it's just a pain to get anywhere passed Tier 3, with me, not being an avid player (wow, I want to play other games), taking a little less than a year to get my first jet. The rewards simply just don't satisfy the work for them.
Valve took a game that was wholesome and fun then turned it into a cash cow to be milked until it was dry as a dead husk. The psychological abuse that they encourage players inflict upon each other is unheard of in any other video game i've ever played. The report system is fully automated with no judge or jury and allows gutless trolls and griefers to run amok. They encourage petty 'eye for an eye' behavior instead of good sportsmanship and bully players into staying in a match that has them being battered over and over. They allow griefers to flame the living daylights out of you then when you finally snap and stick up for yourself, those same flamers have you repremanded by said automatic report system and YOU end up being the one who is punished. And what's worse is that those griefers get thanked by Valve for causing harm to other players.But that's not all, people. No the abuse doesn't stop there. For a free to play game, this one will have you spending more money than its worth, dressing up your favorite heroes with expensive hats (some of which can only be won in Valve's treasure chest casino where they encourage children to gamble). Dota has gone from a fun strategy game to a cesspool of greed and mental torture since Valve published its sequel and took over. And now that they're filthy rich they don't even develop their own games anymore. They take the lions share of the profits gained from treasure chests and give the artists who created those skins a mere pittance for their work. If you thought EA was bad, Valve just took the title from them for most soulless games company.
Early Access ReviewDevs are so out of touch with this game."Boring reviews on steam by who doesn't accept meta changes. Tiers won't come back, deal with it."It isn't about tiers, it's about the terrible drop system and lack of actual progression now. Had a first place game and got 20 cones. Never even used a cone in my life."I think the new #robocraft is really fair to new users. I have been playing for a couple of days and I am full of stuff to recycle"Was being shot at by homing rockets from the skies while in a 200 cpu game with a new friend. 200. Wat? New players get jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ Add a steady income after game(LIKE BEFORE) and this problem goes away. Matchmaking is quite literally non-existant.Game was fine before this, a bit grindy, but fine. This is not worth playing if you are a new player.
Early Access ReviewIts an great game. but i hate when people get legengdary items on simple bots and use them againest new comers.and the most i hate of all it the money system it suck major♥♥♥♥♥because all you get after a game is a stupid box that just gives crap. they need to puy back in the money system and get rid the these mother ♥♥♥♥n boxes.
the reasone i dont like wt is the Gaijin.net agent. its litterally a seed in a system since if you delete the game, the so called "agent" keeps updating it, wich will take away your system storage. its basiccly malware, ofcourse the game isnt bad, but if you dont want not intentional malware... wich is still intentional btw, dont install it.
The game is flawed - the management is similar!Mad extortion of money - P2W!Do you want gold? - use the invite friend function! Pull to the third rank - two, three hours = 500 gold.And then they write that they have a lot of players))I realized that I would never buy a Russian product..
Early Access ReviewThis game is filled with nothing but lobbies of cheaters. Most people in game just complain about being put in a loby with a cheater, rather then vote to kick them, and when a vote is started, everyone votes not to kick the cheater, even though they're single handedly making the game worse for everyone. Even worse, from my perspective, it looks like the dev's don't even bother to bar them from playing, they just give them a sub name "Cheater". Do yourself a favor and stay far from this game. Pros--Every map seems to be a retexture of old counterstrike maps. Pretty cool (even if it's bad)-Large and easily accesible gun library to mess with-Simple and easy controlsCons--Cheaters in every lobby-You get shot in the head a lot through the map-Angles control too much-Overprices crap weapons-Underpriced overpowered weapons-No one votes to kick the cheater-Your team will never win-Shader bugs in everymap make the fight one-sided-Like above con- Each map is sided towards the Warriors to win        -High ground and right turns with long tunnels to put a gunner downAs you can tell, I did not spend much time on this game due to the downsides provided above.
UNPLAYABLE. The menu here is full of bs, when you go to the "play" button, (ingame) you can go and play right? well when you go to the only gamemode you can go to since youre a newbie, it has the fleet customization tab pop up and theres nothing you can do to fix it.  "FLEETS" tab gets in your way so you cannot press anything. This is a game breaking bug.  After about 4 restarts on the game it loads the play button in. Thats alot of reloading. Then theres the really constant appearance of the -1. Negative 1. You can't buy any of the components needed to get to the tier 2 items, but restarting will fix it. Good game, but my thumbs down indicate a bug fix needed.
Game was doing great till you mofos ruined the map and ui gj Valve srsly i loved this game but now i doubt my faith in it. hoping that someone would take this crap back where it once looked like
Literally unplayable. It was fun for a little while, but after a few hours the game started teleporting me around the map all the time, usually it just puts me off the screen in the bottom left or right and I'm instantly dead. I don't understand why, I've got fast, wired internet, so I don't think it's lag, and 60 fps. If that wasn't bad enough I get absolutely destroyed playing in any match. I think the matchmaking system might need some work. So to keep my sanity, I'm uninstalling. I don't reccomend this game at all.
so this game is so garbage, yugioh is fun but for some reason duel links is buggy as crap, if i play a trap card it bugs out, if i win a game and after i get my rewards im stuck on a a screen and can only alt f4 to get out of it, i went to duel a friend to see if that at least would work but it also bugged out after he ended his turn and on my end it showed he did not so we got stuck doing nothing and again only way out was alt f4.
It's a pretty good game/program, but the pay-to-play business model sucks. It's free to download now, but I coughed up some actual currency months ago and have very little access to the content. You can spend days and days of your time unlocking the guns you actually want to see, or you can give them more money. I wouldn't pay more than 10 bucks for a fully unlocked game. Personally, I would prefer to pay the 10 bucks and then progress through an unlocking system that's much more friendly, and not intended to annoy you in to paying more money.
Early Access ReviewI have been watching the guy suspiciously accurate aim in spectator mode ,and how does this guy always know where the enemy is ??, and  I've noticed this guy 100% cheating so obvious  ,auto snap to the target and walling prefiring,easy crown dinner with 27 kills .What is this?.massive cheater problem .worst anti-cheat
Bless Online is just another MMORPG from South Korea. It's similar to Blade and Soul, TERA Online, etc. There are 4 races in the game, Human, Elf, Animal-man and Halfling. Supposedly, players were supposded to have 8 generic Classes; Assassin, Guardian, Mage, Ranger, Paladin, Berserker, Warlock and Mystic. Due to some reason, there are no Warlocks or Mystic classes. Bless Online is an incomplete game with no storyline. However, it does have nice visual effects and voiceovers.Gameplay-wise, WASD keys and mouse. The actions are extremely complicated for a 3D MMORPG. You need a tutorial to guess how to setup your skills into your skill bar. Their User Interface (UI) is horrendously designed. It's similar to the World of Warcraft UI design but you can see that it has been made worse and far more complex.Conclusion, Bless Online is destined to die from MMO glut. There is nothing special to differentiate it from all the other World of Warcraft clones. World of Warcraft is also dead. The Pay To Win Shop with Lumena is just another nail in its coffin. It's not playable. My recommendation is to burn Bless Online, learn from the experience, iterate and make something better. Graphics should not be your focus, gameplay is. The quality isn't there yet and I foresee pretty visuals but with no substance.Note: Bless Online is published by Neowiz Games. Their CEO is Jacob Han. They have already closed their Russian and South Korean servers and it's about time to shut the game down and move on.Link to Table for MMO Gluthttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_massively_multiplayer_online_role-playing_games#Business_modelsPROS1. Visual EffectsNice and glowy arrows. Pretty nice.2. Voice OversPretty good.3. Animated Cut-ScenesVery cliche to have the manga "kneel-and-scream" but animated cut-scenes for a generic quest. Effort.4. Quest Auto RunIt's convenient and it helps to simplify the process. China online click, Naruto Facebook games, Russian Warcraft clone, Journey to the West Facebook games had it too. It's only a very, very minor boost.5. WW SprintMuch better than Shift + W.CONS1. No Story or World to Capture Your ImaginationBless Online really generic. You have 4 races. The Human Race, the Elf Race, the Animal Man Race and the Halfling Race. It's like TERA Online with its complex keyboard actions.2. Low Player PopulationIt's dying and Steam is its last gasp for hope.3. Bad Key PositioningWASD keys. You have no side stepping on the WASD keys. It's replaced by Q & E. 4. Pay To Win ShopThis time the cash shop currency called Lumena. ♥♥♥♥ing stupid idea.5. Bad Interaction Key, FF for interacting? What is this? What happened to left-click, open quest?6. BugsI ran out of the zone for the Elf Queen's Quest, quest bugged and my game couldn't continue from that point onwards. I couldn't even cancel the quest.7. Tutorial is HorribleOne of the worst tutorials I have ever seen. It's so overly complicated. A tutorial is meant to simplify the game for you, not make it more complex.8. F11 Does not Work Well with Steam's Taking Screenshot F12Too close to each other. Accidentally pressed F11 while taking screenshots.
Early Access ReviewVery very horrible rng. I can get to Diamond Rank 1, cant get past due to all the f**king land floods and screws which I think is all rigged and drop to 3 in a matter of days. let me give you an example. a 1 land hand. I redraw and I get 2 lands. And for the next 6 turns, no lands.  
I started playing trove awhile backk before it was even on steam and I thought it was really cool. I saw update after update come in and things seemed to get better with a few downsides. After months of inactivity, I decided to play it again, it was still okay with new classes and just things in general. It was about the time trove was added to steam and it was super easy for new players to get otherwise rare items and I wasn't really put off about it, but then the update in january basically screwed trove completely. Drilled in the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with garbo. It is currently unplyabe in its state. New players just give up, it weakened veteran players and it more of a money grab at this point. I had hope trove, I still do, fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥ Thank you
Pay 2 Win, Game could be really good BUT.Battlefield is very sparse and without using a paid account everytime you get killed in Battle it will be a long walk back to the point, in this time enemy normally has an advantage and caps the point.I love WW2 games and am always fair to the P2W model as it can work but this is geared for Free players to completely Fail.If you like WW2 then go ahead and take a play its not all awful, but unfortunately you will grow tired of how Unbalanced the game is.Day of Infamy would be a better bet if you want some WW2 action In My Opinion anyways.
Early Access ReviewWas fun when I used Windows. No support for Linux, despite being made in Unity! Gonna have to give this a negative review for the poor effort on platform support >.>
Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewFreejam you seriously have ♥♥♥♥ed up the original robocraft to the hardest of hardcore.ive been through most of these updates since i first saw the YOGSCAST feature it when it was a new game.THAT was the ♥♥♥♥ing game i remember i loved. ive been pretty forgiving...BUT Every update by far has made the game worse and worse..YOU GUYS ARE JUST AS BAD AS FB WAS WHEN THEY KEPT CHANGING IT AFTER WE ALL GOT USED TO IT!!!....the first time i actually said this update is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, was when i found out about no more armor tiers, and it could all be painted. AND WE STILL HAD THE MEGABOTS.you ♥♥♥♥ed me over when you updated the tier system where you couldnt mix low teir with high tier and caused me to delete all 5 of my bots.you THEN updated again and made it so ALL TIERS work no matter how you mixed them...SO YOU MADE ME DELETE MY ♥♥♥♥ING CREATIONS JUST SO IN 2 MONTHS YOU COULD SAY "HAHA ♥♥♥♥ YOU THEY WORK AGAIN"??????????and then i spend my goddamn money....multiple times, just to help make my creations....my battles easier for me...and for what...just so you can flush it all down the drain on me and every other ♥♥♥♥ing player?i dont know what the hell you guys are thinking.....but this game....is not the same game it was, many years ago.untill you ♥♥♥♥ers decide what the ♥♥♥♥ "ROBOCRAFT" is really going to be, im done trying to build and battle, when you guys keep changing it to where i cant use anything, and have to change everything every ♥♥♥♥ing time you update. 
Early Access ReviewGame is horribly optimized, extremely laggy, and basically unplayable outside of the tutorial. And that's even if you can get logged into the game on the server you want. DO. NOT. BUY. Wait for a sale or F2P to give it a try but do not waste money on this.
well it's still bias garbage and teams still suck so nothing has really ♥♥♥♥ing changed including the annoying RP rate so i feel like i'm playing ♥♥♥♥ing warthunder because only russian tanks do the most damage and recieve the least ammount of damage CONVENIENTLY.
Early Access ReviewThe game is not original, fun, and or exciting. The game seems like an obvious CS:GO ripoff, and doesn’t seem to stop copying CS:GOs motive. Too much loading times, terrible graphics, and too many hackers on it. So do I recommend it to people? The answer is... no and yes. Let me explain, if you are low on you’re steam account and can’t afford CS:GO. Then this would be the great alternative for you. But, if you already own CS:GO, it’s not really recommend for you to play it. Since it already has the same motives and traits to CS:GO. But anyways, my final review score for this game is a 5.5/10 and hopefully the developers will improve these problems and add something different to the game. And take what I said in a mature and polite way. Remember this is just constructive criticism, I don’t mean to upset or put anyone down in this review.
With the recent patches made to this game Tier 4 is being crushed due to tanks that they can do nothing against. That is no the worst part, anyone who says anything on it about the forums is having their thread locked. Do not play this game you are encouraging the developers to do crazy things like this, or if you do play it stay away from any battle rating in tank battles higher than 5.0, it is ruled by tanks you are nothing but cannon fodder to. As I said the devs are silencing anyone who voices a negative opinion on this topic. They also DO NOT listen to the community as planes have been asked to be taken out of tank battles ever since they were implemented and Gaijin have firmly stated they are staying.The censoring has gotten worse, they have been threatening youtubers who say negative things about their game and forcing them to say positive things or else their chanel gets deleted. this is a complete violation of youtubes copyright system. After the first time they did this and the backlash from it there was another youtuber who brought to light cheats people were using, not saying where to find them or how to install them and this time instead of doing what they did previously they held a poll on the forums that let players vote if the video should stay up or not so that they could be justified in taking it down. This is yet again more abuse of youtubes system and is also Gaijin using their own community for personal gain. DO NOT PLAY! Take a stand against the devs and show them that this will not be tolerated and cannot be forgiven.
I liked BTD but, this game is multiplayer and it's terrible. Either you are too high up and there is no challenge OR you are too far down and everyone destroys you because they spent thousands of hours in this game. There are an insane amount of micro-transactions where they expect you to spend loads of money on small items when you might stop playing this game in the future. Albeit free and has some achivements, I am not sure everyone will enjoy spending all of their Steam credit for this game and for DLC as well as make a Mochi Account to play the game with Steam Friends 4/10.
Early Access Reviewi just returned to this game yesterday, i remembered it before my older computer crapped out due to hardware issues early this year. and i have to say compaired then to now, the game feels like it's a complete mess. let's begin with the controls to follow the curser to cause turning is probably the best controls you are going to get, i tried turning my vehicle with wasd and it felt very unresponsive and downright clunky. next lets talk about the gameplay itself, who the hell thought it was a good idea to make death match a jumbled mess? death match and brawl are the first two game modes you might play when you start this game, and both are ♥♥♥♥ing horrible. a lvl 1 can be placed with someone levels above him with better vehicles and better weapons. and the main currency in the game that you need to purchase weapons and blocks to make a better vehicle is locked behind recyling blocks in order to make any profit. but the prices are all over the map, for example a common blaster might cost less then a common radar why? who the ♥♥♥♥ cares not to mention the crazy prices people expect you to pay with this hard to obtain currency in the factory. the factory ok let me put it to you like this, a vehicle with maybe 1k cpu or less can sometimes be sold for 20,000 in game currency may i remind you this currency can only be obtained by either A.) recyling parts that you get from chests or b.) selling your current abomination in the factory and hoping that someone or multiple parties will purchase it but even then you are only getting a little bit of currency per purchase. lastly lets talk about the reward system aka the chest system. no matter how good you do in a losing battle i have found you will either get bronze or rust level chests containing items that either a are just blocks or b sell for very little cash making it next to impossible to purchase better items or a better vehicle model from the factory. it may just be because i just rejoined this game yesterday but it doesn't feel balenced, how can it when you have a enemy in the sky that has a multi lock weapon that chips off 15- 20 health a hit. it's not fun and it's a horrible mess. i hope the devs fix this instead of worrying about stuff like premium another feature that limits the fun you can have in this game. you need it to unlock paints custom avi's and to get bonus items that are LOCKED from a players earned chest. premium in a game like this feels like a stupid idea, considering that most chests will give you 6 items and 3 of them are locked behind premium. here's hoping again that the devs will put some serious work into this game, i hate to see a game i enjoyed so much from 2 years ago fall so far since i have been away.
I used to enjoy the game itself, but the last time I had played it, it now installs a service agent that I did not consent to the installing of. This agent remains running on your PC, does not get removed when uninstalling the game, and requires a meticulous process of tracking down all files related to it and removing them, including purging the registry of all keys pointing to it or created by it. This agent is a potential backdoor for attackers and therefore a security risk, even more so since it acts as a "torrent seeder" for others downloading updates to the game (according to this review: https://steamcommunity.com/id/Grimlakin/recommended/236390/ )I'm in the IT area and I don't like the idea of an agent running on my computer from a third party I don't trust, especially if it actually is "seeding" since it will put constant traffic on certain ports, acting as a backdoor for someone nasty. I have since uninstalled the game, and the agent, and I recommend that if you care about the security of your PC, that you do the same or find a way to disable the agent permanently. Gaijin's playing dangerous games with your PC and you'll be left the one that pays for it.
4/10which is halved of what i'd give it normaly due to lies about this being full game.+GraphicsSoundPerformanceAdjusting difficulity - Somehow allways feels fair no matter what you set as diff %-Demo verssion not a free game inspite of how it is presented (Halving the score)Very uninspired track selection (give me something original! - Tatra test track and such)very uninspired vehicle selection (most of it is locked behind paywall annyways)Frusrating lack of value on Packs of cars/livieries/tracks (20ish EUR per one and you get like 8 EUR tracks?!)I did enjoy this game once i realised that it is DEMO but i would very much appritiate if i was told that it is DEMO prior to playing it, the initiall shock was bad.  Game looks and feels great, what little of it i did play allways seemed to be good and difficulity of it was (inspite of my lack of skill) allso fairly aceptable. I did not encounter anny game breaking bugs and my constant out of track ventures were due to lack of skill. So they did pretty god job on that front and i praise that.Trying to play championship with 2 tracks is stupid tho so i am not inclied to dignify this point too much: content is excellent for DEMO, pathetic for annything but demo.Car selection is not too sad tho you only have access to 2 overarching categories (prototype and can cars) couple of choicess within each one, fairly solid content for this demo.I did have major problem orienting myselve in menu, the track, car icons are way too large, list that would expand once you click the specific icon would be better. Furthermore structure of the menu itselve is kinda wonky - it'd be great if you could select category (prototype, can, formula, etc) than went to brand or year selection and than chose liviery. Right now you choose year AND category on one screen (WTCC 2013 example) and than individuall vehicle. it is not very intuitive is what i am aluring to.Another missed oportunity and another damned Freemium demo. Skip this game and opt in for something more substantial.
Nothing special here, not even really worth your time. I thought it might be an interesting game to see build up at least since I like the pixel graphics... but it's not. It's just a slow, boring clicker. Upgrading buildings doesn't even really change the appearence. Only adding new buildings to your town does, which happens maybe once every 10-30 mins. ANd it just adds 1 building. Each building just makes new coins, no variety in effect. There's an interesting good or evil choice, but it doesn't affect what you're actually doing. Just a slight graphical change and some end game changes. Actually getting to that end game is still just as boring as the rest. Only play if you are an AVID clicker fan. Casual fans or those looking for interesting experiences can pass. If you like the graphics like me, just admire them on the store page and save your time.
Honestly the game gets a bit grating the more you play it, atleast for me. This is the game you download, play once, and don't play again. Something about the music, overall theme, and how it's slightly worse than a full game like BTD 5 makes it unrewarding.
Early Access ReviewSome aspects of the game are appealing, including the large variety of vehicles. However when it boils down to it, the blatantly pay2win business model alienating anyone who doesn't whip out their credit card, and floaty gunplay make this game only worth a bit of fun with friends rather than something you'd pour a lot of free time into.
1 af all my eng its not the best in the world so forgive my grammar mistakes.to the game now.if you are starter you will see it all good in there grafics gameplay sounds and most of the players are very coaporate with you.the problems start when you reach level 8 and higher then you start battle with all the payers in the world force you to do the same if you want to survire in there.let me make my self clearest.if you are level 8 or 10 or after 500 hours level 20 and more.you will face players with level 60 80 or 100 and then the party start.there is nooooooooo with no way you can blow up some player in that rank no matter the nation or what kind of tank are you have or they have.i found my self shot plenty of times,boys with level 60 and up like i say i fired at them at least 30 shells.all kind of shells at every possible weak point the enemy tank have.and still no damage.in i matter of fact what damage????????? no damage at all.and if the enemy shout back on me!!!god help me if i find my pieces out there.one enemy shot is more than enough to blow you out.i ask about that some others players in there and out there.and most of them have some cheaps exsuses.that i am not use the right shell i dont shout at the right point and staff like that.i try to explain to them that i shout more than 30 times at every possible point.and i am not playing alone out there i have witness some friends of mine .and all the others try not to see it or undestand it.finish in this.my complains is huge.and no good gameplay or the thousants of payers in there cant hold me for reject this game for good.if you have money and want to be the best then that game is for you.if you want to try to play with your balls then avoid it like i plague.so black for me and i am not suffer to be i puppet out there.i want to play equal and fair with everybody else
Early Access ReviewIm a real AE gamer a legendary kickstarter and spend around $300 on ur game and i realise u guys just sticking ur old game aqworld but this time its 3d.. if u going to change it to 3d make sure u change the game aswell... 2d and 3d are different things. First its easy to make maps in 2d cuz u can just click it and u can go insant. but making too many maps in 3d like short dungeons where people play dead inside and cant start a convo cuz its shorts dungeon and stuff will instant turn u a lonely player..' put all the dungoen in main area like greengaurd and doomwood and make em longer.. not in story line.. cuz its terrible for new players they dont have someone to help em. and also make boss talk or atleast a boss intro like darksoulalso Why dont u spam random boss with difficulties in the main areas that drops chest.. every 80-90 minutes im talking about hard boss that can 9 8 or 3 hits a player with millions of HP. maybe this way new players thinks the game is very much alive, and then they stick to it and they cycle goes on and on.If u got ur self killed u get 10 sec before players will revive u or go back inside the crytals and find the area u want to be f*vk fast travel ''BORING'Also about ur classes we only use 4 spells? are u kidding me? what are we kids? let us use 2 class by using F1 AND F2 and let us pick what spells we want depending on our stats we choose. Let us pick what stats we choose by getting +4 contirbute every level. let us farm the scroll spell to unlock our new spell in our favourite classes by going to library and met up with class teachers the spell scroll have stats requirements.'' THAT MEANS IF U REACH HIGH LEVEL U CAN UNLOCK NEW HIGH LEVEL SPELL'' ur ranking class system is FOR KIDS! PLEASE EVOLVE AE. wait up kids play forthnight not ur game im sorrydo u think kids can donates money on kickstarter then wake up! no kids donated in ur kickstarter. most of them are old aqworld player.. If people evolve so are u.I aint waiting every month for ur updates cuz after that its a boring game. I KEEP SENDING SUGGESTIONS in UR CYCERO on FACEBOOK BUT ALL HE SAYS IS SAME THINGS. THIS TIME IM DONE SO ITS A NO FOR ME. wait theres 1 things ur good at.. Bunch of cosmetic and recyceld cosmetics and a CASH GRAB kids can have ur money but not me sorry
Early Access ReviewGarbage RNG, garbage card design, game has spyware built into it.  This game is so trash basic it's embrrassing.  It's basically digital paper, rock, scissors with constant land screw.  The only thing about this game that was decent used to be the UI but even that got changed to something stupid and inferior for no apparent reason.  I would suggest finding almost any other CCG to play than this (Hex is equally terrible).
terrible game, and even more terrible optimalisation, thanks god for ESO, FF14, warframe, RDR2 and other games... acutaly any other game.... even rogue like... like dead cells, or something on mobile, or playing with your thumb...
Early Access ReviewIts going to be on mobile devices ... making it obviously pay to win just like the 2d version........ its not open world the game feels like its lacking as the areas are tiny and there are so many load screens........ this 2016 wtf
5/10 It is pretty fun and helps to kill time but it is very pay 2 win... you can just pay 5 bucks and you can win almost every fight, and if you are just starting out in the game you have little chance of victory since smurfs are very very common in this game
Once its on your computer its going to do whatever it wants even if you kill it and remove it from steam library. Its a fun game, but its running constantly and eating up power otherwise reserved for games I want to play at a given moment. Sometimes it pops-up or forces a firewall pop-up while in-game in other games.Its fun, but the spyware mentality of an always on, always updating, always watching app is a little too much especially when I thought I removed the game and all its contents. Once again, the game is alright, but I dont think Win10 needs any more obnoxious interrruptions or wrenches to be thrown into gears, I think Win10 is already broken enough without Gaijun pop-ups, unrequested updates, unrequested launches. I notice Doom, Battlefield, Rocket League, Borderlands 2, and half a billion other games dont need two constantly running client programs in the background to run, maybe try that devs~.No reccommendation, mostly because its the herpes of videogames. Once you have it good luck figuring out how to kill every last bit of it.
Early Access Review(I apologize for the poor grammar.)I just refunded... and let me tell you why...(Note: I read the apology letter from the Exec Producer, was touched, but not convinced)1. Artifical Economy - Why are you capping min and max price ranges on items in the AH? I feel like this is a laaaaazzzy way of trying to stop botters and cheaters. Like come on now...2. Web browser AH - Why is the auction house a damn browser?!!?3. No end game content  - self explanatory, although the executive producer did mention something in his apology letter about all the real stuff will come in 1-2weeks?? well maybe you shouldnt have launched yet. Getting pushed back is better than this fiasco right now.4. Feeling like a MOBILE MMO GAME - So i played "Crusaders of Light" and it feel Bless online gave me the that exact feeling. except with better 2012 pc graphics.  Auto run to quests that auto run to you an area. then you are given a vague mistranslated detail on how to complete your quest.  5. Pay to win - Right now there is some pay for convenience aspect of the game going on such as using RL money to buy gems that give you teleportation to certain dungeons, etc. Nothing major but this just opens the door for more P2W stuff.6. Delay in combat - To be honest, I really like the combat.  It was fun trying to combo these spells together into creative spell chains.  BUT it was so clunky and felt delaaaaayeeeedddd... Whenever I would hit my stance conversion and try to cast a follow up spell, often the game was running so poorly that I would miss the follow up spell.  I would constanly spam and check for a confirmation but nope. I would just miss the spell completely.  Basically what I'm saying is the combat is NOT VERY SMOOTH. 7. Translation - What can I say... anything in the english language that has "ag" is censored.  You can say the most vulgar things, but you cannot say words like "again", "bag", "lag".  You cannot even type Neowiz out because it is censored.  Some of the spell translations are off too, so sometimes you just have to guess at what you are doing.8. Not so rewarding grinding - Anything that isn't combat related is boring as HELLLL!!!9. This one is a positive - I like the voice acting.10. This is more like some advice... Lets come back in a month and see what happens... Maybe it changes like the Exec producer said it would.
Early Access ReviewHas about 20, maybe 30 hours to it. Been apart of AQ Community for 10+ years, and this is the only game I would not tell people to play. Classes are hollow, abilitys are spammy, and literally everyone looks the same. They've lost systems that have proven to work in every game they've made, and forgot EVERYTHING when making this. Not to mention, WHAT Storyline?? On top of that releasing content thats farmfest, and takes maybe 1-3 hours to farm. I know some of you are saying "Oh alpha" "Oh Early Access". Let me put this in perspective, I beta tested the first areas nearly 3-4 years ago. They not only kept making areas the EXACT same way, but they didnt add story, they didnt add depth, and the content is hollow. Meanwhile AQ: For the love and everything holy, FOLLOW YOUR OWN GAME. I know you dont want to, but AQW is the EXACT template to make this great. Not only are players reaching max, and eating this content, but we do it in a day and have NOTHING to do for weeks and weeks.Release Sustance or dont realease it, its just going to hurt you.Been playing these games since I could talk, and its aweful to see lazy work get done.
I spent $300+ then quit 10/10 (Btw I have wayyy more hours DONT PLAY ON STEAM FOR LESS LAG GET THE ACTUAL GLYPH LAUNCHER) also the second video / trailer atm says endless worlds although all worlds have a set limit well they are all islands and the ocean will ♥♥♥♥ you up if u go in it. If you dont listen to me and decide to play im telling you now choose knight!
I hate this Update 7.00 the new gameplay and stats are bad. the traditional dota is gone. RIP DOTA 12-12-16. Please change it back the way we play it before. Make dota great again. Or this is the sign to quit dota well played valve/icefrog #ripdota2
Early Access ReviewToo much RNG from the loot and lack of progression.The game goes for a complete overhaul once every few month and turn all your work into dust. But the same old bug never gets fixed.Don't waste your time on this piece of crap.
Product received for freeYou REALLY need to add in a sign out feature. Until then, this will stay a dislike. Signing into the wrong account sucks without being able to sign into another.Edit: Data got randomly erased. I bought a submarine upgrade because i had extra money laying around. There goes 5 bucks. ♥♥♥♥ YOU.
It was a great FTP game, now its just a normal P2W game. Now without buying patron and other packs it requires an enormous amount of grind, like you want those wings from fishing badge? How much you want it? For 5hrs? 20hrs? 50hrs? Nope, its 5DAYS. 5 Days of clicking one button every 20-40 secs. Want that cool dragon mount? 12 Days of doing chalanges every hour, not even counting other needed materials.. If you would like to get all the collectables there is, i bet whole life wouldint be enough, and even if you bought everything you can for cash it would still take a year or two..It could be a great game, but i dont think i can waste half of my life on this game.
Early Access ReviewI know this game is still in beta but that doesn't change teh fact that there are some very core things missing.  It is my opinion that every game should have a way to customize keybinds and have a camera sensitivity slider.  This game has neither, and as a result, I find it rather unplayable.  I really have to wonder about games being released in this state.  I can accept bugs in a beta release, but when core functionality is missing, I give up hope.
what a rip off start out with founder packs, then not let you know it can only be given to 1 character you make. Then right before release launch another pack making ppl that supported the game with founder packs feel ripped off cause in order to get those cool items id have to buy another pack. To bad they made this game just a money pit, for christ sake at least made purchased items be available to all the characters we make they are just skins but whatever
Early Access Reviewi cant reccomend this game after 250+ hours of game time. the content is released excrutiatingly slow. the matchmaking (if you can call it that) is the worst ive ever seen e.g. during the current event i was ranked 999th...and got matched with (no joke) the current top rated in the world. constant mana screw/flood. this game is just a random luck simulator imo.regret playing every/any second, be warned
It died. I was here before "mechs" were even thought of. The game? What game? All I see is a hollow shell. A reminder of a game that actually was made for fun, required some actual skill, and didn't think lootboxes was a good business strategy. Now? Well, considering I watched my dog actually kill a single person without even knowing what he was doing... that's sad. If you have a mental disability, have trouble understanding how games work, and just wanna build♥♥♥♥♥♥that looks cool right before it gets one-shot by a bot that barely took a minute to make, just play the game, you'll be fine. I'm serious, it's not even insulting, I'm actually being serious, this is the game for you.If you have the urge to play a game that has you build your own bot and test it against players in a *skilled* battle of creative bot ideas that actually work, this one isn't it anymore. It's a money grab now, unfortunately.
Early Access ReviewRobocraft WAS a great, fun, and rewarding game until yesterday.  The in-game economy is completely ruined now, and you will never be able to build the bot you want to with this "Epic Loot" update - that is unless you like bots with one wing, a mech leg, and a couple tier 1 smg's that looks like utter garbage.  Because that is what you get: utter garbage to build with.  Before, you could play a match, do well, and get rewarded accordingly.  Now you play matches and regardless of how you do, you get worthless piles of nothing that you can sell for even less.  Random winnings is NOT a good idea for this game.  Feel free to play, but unless something changes don't expect to have fun.
Horrible, just horrible.Too many wannabes play at high ranks with the most cookie cutter BS decks in the universe.Either flora/plants deck or stupid ritual endless fusion BS decks.This is disgusting really, pull all the fun out of this game fat♥♥♥♥♥
Gave it a try, and sadly its the same old bad "world of tanks" game. The only good thing about it is the fun killing artillary is removed. Beyond that, its the same unbalanced bad match making game its always been. Battles are just a mish mash of every sort of tank, from every nation and era, and of differing tiers, that create battles that are often so unbalanced that there is no battle. One group of tanks simply gets to take out the other group, and all the victims can do is try to run or scratch their killers paint with a couple shots. Not fun for any player actually looking for good gameplay. Why WoT thinks this is a good gameplay model is beyond me. This game has so much more potential if WoT would put some effort into balancing their match making system. Like putting nations together into teams, and put tanks together of the same time period and crew skill level. And no multi-tier'ed matches. The game seems like it was being built to be like that, but the devs quit and put this out instead.
First Impressions review after a few days;Yu-Gi-Oh, what's not to love? overall what could go wrong?...It's not a bad attempt. ( Considering there's has been alot of attempts, should really tell you something )-Many of the rules are changed since the good old days. (Board is only  3 cards wide, so only 3 set cards and 3 monsters, no second phase, are just a few i've noticed and these are not positive changes)-The lay out sucks. ( Designed it seems mostly for mobiles devices, the play field is smaller as described above, and is squished into the middle third of your screen, with an enormous play log and card description dominating the other quadrants)-Deck size is reduced to between 20 and 30 cards per deck. ( Severaly limits options and kinda takes fun out of complex deck compositions )-Field spells do not change the graphic of the board.Some positives, yes they got somethings right.- Play mats / card sleeves options. -Ability to play with a character avatar, fully voiced is amazing, go go go Dr. C!-Ability to earn cards and gems to grind rewards is pretty fair, I guess.-Some visual representation of monsters and summons is actually nice, and a positive addition.-Voice acting as ever is top notch.Overall, the negatives detract from the game in my opinion. I find games that stream line themselves annoyingly rarely if ever do so for the better. "Dumbing" down the old PC version / card game for console and now even further for mobile is just weird.If they released the old PC CD version with online play, character choice, rewards, mats and sleeves and god forbid TRADING (Gasp, yes I like interacting with players beyond simply wondering through a lonely click and play random match up system where card values count for little, except to prove some land whale floated their daddy's company so they can purchase complete top end decks) , then I would give it 10/10.Instead it ends with a fair 6.5 / 10.Also, side note, beware spending too much, it would'nt be the first time a Yugi card game and been unplugged and everyone loses all their cards..... 
Early Access ReviewHello! This is my review of ROBOCRAFT I am very expirenced in this game I have over 2000 hours :p (Yes for a while I did forget about a life) I have been playing since 2014 near launch back then it was a very fun game and no P2W at all. Yes their was grinding but not as much now. I personally prefer the old system for money it was better than haveing to grind for crappy crates. I think things went downhill after the META update the crates got added they changed alot of stuff and messed up the game and such. But as you can see much of the community has the same views as me so im going to have to say no to this game but as always it is up to you if you like the game. :)
I find it to be fun, yet challenging due to lag/developer issues. They change the gameplay far too often and far too often with poor results. Overall if they would follow the old adage and "keep it simple stupid" it might be a all time winner.  as a decent timewaster I find it good, as for something to "strive for" regarding new upgrades they're on to something, it just needs someone who can keep the servers up without crashing so often, and someone who has more knowledge of how stuff actually works in the real world, or did in WW2 and someday this shall be THE game to get... right NOW?, it's "adequate and fun" but definately could use improvement.
I wanted to like this game, since US developers/publishers have abandoned mainline MMORPGs.PRO Summary:- Good 3D graphics- Some novelty in combat mechanics- Easy to follow quest sequences- No gender-locked classes- PvE and PvP play- Territory ownership for guildsCONs Summary- FPS stutters heavily- Messages can conceal important events- Solo play required at early levels, Dungeon teams required at higher levels- Juvneile community with poor policing - trolls, beggars and gold-sellers are common- Slow quest pacing - lots of talk, little action, with mediocre English translation and weak voice acting- No manual, nearly useless publisher-supported wikiCOMMUNITY ANGEREarly access cost $30, then game became F2P when it went live. Those who paid were enraged, and many left, leaving the game with a relatively small community. The community has very immature tendancies and comes across are not very welcoming. POOR ENGINEERINGMost developers invest a few months (before launch) refactoring the data loading and 3D system. That was not done in this game. As a result, UI inputs can have up to a 1.5 second delay, and the framerate stutters frequently. Use game default video settings and go into the capital city. Just rotate in place with a character. The rotation is full of lurches and burps, with various dropped animation frames. Similar things happen during movement and combat. No self-respecting US developer would let this out the door.INEPT GAME DESIGNQuests have ton of dull, repetitive storyline with amateurish voice acting. However, gameplay teaching quests are brief, often mysterious, and frequently lacking,  The game prohibits useful groups in the main storyline (all battles send the player into a solo instance). Even if you want to help somebody else through a difficult part in that quest, you can't. However,  after level 30 dungeons are virtually required, and you must group up for dungeons.  Not only is there no manual, but the publisher-supported wiki is hopelessly theadbare, with frequent pleas for contributions.The designers never considered how to help players recover from trouble. For example, the Paladin (healer) class faces a difficult level 4 solo battle. The battle is nearly impossible to win unless you use all the new tactics and skills you just got a bit earlier in that quest when you graduated to level 4. Never mind that the announcements can happen in the middle of another fight, and obscure what's happening in the 3D world.  You must win that fight to continue the main quest and the game. Finishing a quest is 5,000+ XP, while killing monsters is 8 XP, so don't try to bypass the mainline quest by kill-grinding.  There are many similar quests which you have just one chance to succeed. After that, the quest is marked as a failure - permanently.This appears again at level 6. You're given some free single-use scrolls to learn how the (undocumented) pet training interface works. by trial and error.  If you err too much, you run out of scrolls. Can you get more scrolls? Can you restart the quest? Nope to both - quest just remains in your list, uncompleted, for eternity.  If you visit the quest giver, they just issue wordy taunts to you.  TL;DRThis game had betas in Russia and Korea, which both failed (the servers were shut down). Neowiz top management made a few changes without understanding the real issues, did cheap translations and voice-overs in English, and did some bone-headed marketing. Of course the game is unpleasant to play.
Early Access Reviewcouldnt be much worse. Slow, clunky, cant turn off motion blur. Makes me feel like ive been on a tire swing. Cant find the options other than in match. Finally configured game. gtx 1070, game runs kinda sluggish. I set all to low so you can see enemies easier. usually 1:1 kd ratio. However this last time I snuck up behind someone, shot him, he lived, of course. Then as hes hiding behind a tree, I shoot him, strafe right, he shoots me.. through the tree? I was on the opposite side of the tree and he still hit me? Lag? Sloppy game?3/10 for not being as gay as fortnite
devs have ruined this game making it a very long grind or p2wbut most other games like this r the exact same wayi would recommend this game if it was the way it was before all of the game-ruining updatesedit after campaign: if u die in campaign ur ♥♥♥♥ed even if ur on bronze why?easy answer: u spawn in the center of the exact bots that grouped around u to kill uno matter what u do u will always spawn in the middle of the 3, 4, 7 bots that kill u and u cant escape.
Early Access ReviewUber pay2win + very unbalanced. I almost bought premium, but now I'm glad I didn't.**edit33hrs of gameplay. Still think it's pretty unbalanced (tanks, planes spawn campers vs teams with nothing), specially for people just starting - maybe they try to get new people to get premium early? The game is not bad, but not worth buying pricy premium items. If it would be a one time deal and without shortcuts for anyone, then I'd spend some money.. but since it's not, I'd recomend the game to one with deep wallet or tons of free time (I don't know either).**editcomments from r-e-t-ards will be removed
Early Access ReviewIt would be nice if the makers of this game had an ANTI-HACK PROGRAM BECAUSE IT'S BEEN AROUND 3-6 GAMES I'VE PLAYED WHERE EVERYONE IN THE MATCH DIES RIGHT AWAY FROM THE SAME ♥♥♥♥ING GUY WITH 1 MELEE HIT EVEN IF THEY ARE FAR ASF AWAY!!! FIX YOUR GAME!! >:(  
Early Access ReviewGood proof of concept, and would be nice to see them bring this mode of Infantry Combat into War Thunder - however, the aiming feels slow and inaccurate aswell as doesnt have impact or punch making all guns feel like pea-shooters that do no damage. The main menus itself are kinda ugly - the 'cloud' loading screen actually hurts my eyes. Its pretty dime-of-the-dozen, doesnt add much other then show what could be done for War Thunder. Nothing Special.
Decent idea. Unfortunately it reminds me of a poorly done "Wizards 101" - Except MORE money needed! Everything is not free - it is almost as if to play at all on any NORMAL level that you have to buy buy buy - buy gems for this buy gems for that, or have a ton of time to waste earning things (which I'm not even sure at this point you can earn the right gems to actually make a difference.. I do know I get hardly any gold for ACING (A+) everything.) Sucky.. NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY! IT SHOULD BE FREE TO PLAY IF IT CHARGES LIKE THIS.
I haven't even put 2 hours into this game and already uninstalled. I expected to see every gun from the beginning and learn. But no. Because you HAVE to make profit. I mean at least make us pay for DLC but not for everything. Dislike.
I tried to give this game a chance and it was awful. It lagged on my computer that can run Payday 2 at 45-50 fps at max settings. I clicked on the eggs for the only cool looking dragon and it popped up something trying to make me buy a membership. The flying is sort of fun I guess but not really.
Well, a month back this game was bad but cool, lots of crashes, hard to start, but nice to play with friends. The devs don't seem to be doing anything at all to make the game better, just to kill it even more than it already is -and add lots of skins to earn money ofc. Today was the rip for me. I would like to see this being a good game, but like things are going, i have almost to no hope.
Early Access ReviewThe tutorial is waaaaaaaay too long. I've only made it to the blue section now and I can't bear it to keep playing through the dreadful voice acting.Guess my 33 twitch prime packs will never be opened LUL
Early Access ReviewYet ANOTHER game that has so much potential but just can't be playyed because of SLOW and TIRING animation.This joins to a long list of games whose developers have for some reason decided you as a gamer have infinite time and patience to repeatative painfuly slow animation with absolutely no 'skip' or 'quikck' options.
The game controls feels werid, the game is broken practicly.  My screen keeps rotating clockwise, my fire button stopped working... It isn't really a good game as it is a finished game.  If it is a early access game, then I would be alright.  I'm dissipointed.
This Game Is ♥♥♥♥♥♥.This Is That One RPG That Got Kicked Out At Thanksgiving Because It Was Sticking It's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥In The Mashed Potatos.-For One.. The Sound Sucks... Oh Wait! I Spent 15 Minuites On It And I Didnt Find Sound! Like My God.-Next, A Glitch Caused Me Not To Shut Off The "Reward" Screen for 30 Straight Mins.-The Story Is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ As ♥♥♥♥ Man 
Early Access ReviewCombat doesnt make sense. Too linear.  Some of the CC's / AOE's are hidden behind basic attacks. makes it really hard for situational moves.  i like the idea, but the way the skills have been set out just doesn't make sense to me.  The animations lock you in place for too long on almost every character. I'm used to that on say a mage... but ranger and warrior?  They should be mobile with at least dodge capabilities that will cancel an attack and get out of the way.I wont mention the lag and optimisation as I would expect that to be fixed in the coming weeks.  As an early start to an early start...  fail.Such a shame. it's fixable though.
Worth a look if you like Fallout, as it has that FO charm, but far too shallow and repetitive to grab your attention for longer than a few hours. Very disappointing, as it has the potential to be a great game if there was just more to do once you've grown your vault to a decent size and unlocked all the rooms. Bummer. 3/10
Early Access ReviewI really want to like this game but it's hard,there is a problem with the design 75 cards deck (with  4 of-a-kind rule) removes consistency and the mana screw/flood issue also causes significant frustration.(you even have to build your deck with min. 40% of your cards just dealing with mana/sigil problems and even then most of the time you have screw/flood)Losing a game - without even playing is not fun.(it's really frustrating)
RP points are laughing material, as you progress in the game it gets more and more unfriendlier, the money you earn will be greatly diminised as you move through tiers, it especailly applies to ground forces, air is not effected that much in currency cost, but for what goes for research costs, it is insane, dont expect to get anywhere in the game without shoving a great amount of money into it. Then you will realise that all of the game modes the game has is riddled with flaws and not being worked on. What Gaijin does is new content every single patch to an already broke game that enchances both player dissatisfaction and the inbalance of the game.Tldr, if you want to try out the game, please dont invest any money into it.
Personally, I didn't enjoy this game. Rather, it was more of a pain to play than fun. When I disassembled the AK-47 and M1911, they were so cool and very introcate. I enjoyed that bit, but then they introduced this EXP system where I had to earn EXP by doing more♥♥♥♥♥♥with the guns I've already destroyed. Then on top of that, there's literally banners featuring their DLC for this game. At first, I thought I'd give this EXP system a go, but then it instantly backfired on me because the tutorial was forcing me to do "games" with said AK-47 where I'd have to COMPLETELY disassemble the ENTIRE weapon as fast as I could with no hints. Must I remind you that this was litearlly no more than 30 minutes of gameplay before they instantly expected me to remember how to completely disassemble the weapon and do it as fast as possible. This was just a nightmare for me because they added in EVEN MORE PARTS TO DISASSEMBLE, WHICH MADE ME EVEN MORE CONFUSED. Oh, and did I mention that the AK-47 is a ♥♥♥♥♥ to disassemble? If it were with the pistol, I would have been A LOT more comfortable, but no, they just HAD to stick me with the hardest weapon in the game to disassemble.Look, if you're a guns expert and are too poor to buy real games on Steam, then this is the PERFECT game for you. If you're a casual gamer who knows a FEW things about guns, then no, go away, you're going to have a ♥♥♥♥ing brain injury before you're done finishing this game. Maybe it's because I'm impatient, but I'd rather have every single weapon there and already unlocked so that I could just shoot them, disassemble them, play with them on the fly instead of going through their 10 hour long tutorial and having to waste even more time on the exact same weapons that I've already got done with just to unlock more weapons.
Early Access ReviewI no i only have 1 h. of the game ,but for now i can't recommend this game.I no it is early access,but games feels soooo empty ,boring world ,it i so quiet , like it has no purpose.Very little items you have here.Of all battle royale game i think this one is the most empty.The only like biggest thing here is types of weapons ,and even that there are not that many ,most weapons are boring and useless no one even use most of them.Many are still not optimised feels wrong when shooting ,upgrades on guns means and feel almost nothing ,with or without almost the same thing.After the NEW game update ,game feels even more realistic in wrong whey , it doesn't matter what you have on, yo die in 2-3 bullets All those equipment now means nothing in the game really ,with ot without you die in 2-3 bullets The worst thing here is optimizations and ppl are so tired of this even if  the game is early aces ,the game look like older gen from 2011 2012 ,i no i don't have high end machine,but  for for this game i have whayyyyyyy more than enough requirement to play   and i barely play on low 900p and 35-45 fps .The game already feels dead ,every time i wait for player i wait for 4-5 min OMG already ,many times makes me want to quit of boredom ,really not good I think this is just another random game that will die in couple of years ,it will never feel good od finished or optimised to play well and enjoy
Early Access ReviewI do not currently recommend this game. A year ago, i would have said the complete opposite, but since the recent update, this game is horrible. The seeking rocket launchers are over powered. Whichever team has a seeking rocket launcher on their team pretty much auto wins. The rocket launcher screws up match maiking since if you make a craft with a low level base but then a rocket luncher, match making thinks it is still a semi low level ship. Please get rid of the rocket launchers. Bring back the old robocraft i know and love. I have 106 hours... on the old version. Now i cant even play more tha one match without getting annoyed by the updates. Get this game if you want unfair match making or if you are willing to buy weapons with real money. Otherwise, this game is not worth your time or your hard drive space. I hope this review has been helpful.
Early Access ReviewLaunched the game 3 times before this, apparently still thinks launching the game with a single server at the start is a good idea.Promise optimization, get no optimization and having to go through reddit to find RU version fixes to their game.Promise reworked combat, only class with "action" in their kit is zerker, rest are locked to tab target.Although already well known, game thats been out for years, with two classes being locked out of na for "refitting to the action combat" that we never got, and a 3rd that we have no eta on what so ever.People are saying every mmo launch is rocky, and i will never deny that at all, but this isn't their first launch, whether you want to try and say "oh publishers handled it before" doesn't matter. They have been launched, 3 times, in 3 seperate regions, and have failed, each time. This is their fourth, and probably their last, and they botched it.
this was the first MMORPG i've ever played but after not having played it for many, many years and then playing it again has only helped me once again realise why i switched to WoW all these years ago
Early Access ReviewI put about 25 hours into this game, but now I'm quitting, and I don't recommend you waste your time. Eternal creators don't understand how to balance cards, and legendaries dominate the game. They are also incedibly, incredibly rare. After about 25 hours, I have legendaries for 5% of the original, and 5% of the expansion. And now? Oh now, they decide to update the game to give less prizes. So now instead of winning a silver crate every 3rd ranked win which only nets you a rare anyways, now you get 2 reds, which each one gives you a common. This game is GRIND city and now they are getting greedier.Many of their card creation is just idiotic as well. For instance, there is a cockroach that gives every other cockroach in your hand and deck +1/+1 every time you play it. So there's an entire deck dedicated to just playing a hundred cockroaches over and over and over through copying and bringing it back. Sounds exciting, doesn't it? Hey, it's a cockroach! And another! And another! And another! And another! Hey, a cockroach for the 5th and 6th turns in a row! This is a fun game with exciting interactions!!! (/s) And that's when you aren't running into decks that are made of nothing but legendaries, which have no limitations on them. The Eternal creators seem to want to take all the fun out of actually playing the cards, and they don't understand how to design a card game whatsoever. It's a shame, because it was fun for a little while until the flaws became glaringly obvious and prizes were reduced.Oh, and there are plenty of bugs, too. For instance, there's a weapon that gives +*/+* where *=number of justice power you have banked up. It's a weapon that does not give this ability to a creature. But for some reason, when your creature gets silenced, it also silences your weapon (which it's not supposed to do). Think they would fix it in their 3 latest bug fixes? Nope!
It's just another port because Bethesda's drug bunker is getting low again.Just play this while playing non-steam games like Overwatch, WoW etc, otherwise no point bringing a mobile game to pc as a pure port.
Early Access ReviewIt has all the flaws of Magic the Gathering, when out of cards to play and the game is grinded into the dirt you want anything BUT mana cards but may just end up drawing mana cards while the enemy overwhelms you.
After playing over 1000 hours of this game I can say: NO dont download this game! The main issue on PC is the lack of good and NEW content; not redone old content, and unstable servers. The game is not pay to win at all; it's true that refinement items can be purchased through the cash shop but,  if you try to purchase all the refinement items that you would need;  you'd go broke! It costs so much to get anything in this game maxed out; you might aswell play the game and take your time. But that avalability of the items in the cash shop makes people (and by people I mean trolls and half-wits) a "reason" to spam in zone chat. It should also be said that the Devs have done a good job working with what they have in the game; but after the masive bleed out after mod 5; no one was left to spend money on the game and keep it going on PC; but, now its on the Xbone and they have some safety in revinue; alowing the PC to be the "testing ground" for new content. I do hope that the game would regain lost players and start growing once again but, this is just the hope of a long time player. If the Devs ever do see this I have some words of advice; make NEW content of quality! It doesnt have to tie into a masive  modle; it can just be a themed dungeon (like water, fire, air, or earth to tie into modle 6 or maybe raiding a massive bandit encampment if you want unrealated conent) with 3-4 bosses, some new loot, and even a random puzzle. Just some end game content that feels new;  you have a strong dev team that can pull content out of their♥♥♥♥♥if they wanted to;  even if you can make new textures you can reuse assets in new content, just aslong as we can have a new dungeon with new bosses and loot to run. This is what keeps players going new loot and more end game content. You could take a look at another game;  Path of Exile, a game with one of the best cash shop intergrations EVER. I cannont tell you how much I want transmogs for my gear. Making your charicter look good is a very important thing. Look at wow; people run dungeons from years ago for loot to transmog thier gear. If you dont want to add new loot because of balance but, want to add a new dungeon, just add in transmogs. Thank you for reading this massive wall of text!  
Buggy  driving physics. Not in matter that game got bugs, it's medium tanks are driven like a buggy car, sliding, careening and doing police turns. Thta's not only on concrete surface (where it could be understandable) but even on soft ground AND under water.Sudden death syndrome. A 12mm machine gun can kill tiger by random hit that kills entire crew. Not really fun for anyone who isn't into camping tacticsLarge bias in performance of armor toward russian tanks. Strange, that soft german targets (flak,  new TDs)  as well as russian AA guns that meant to have paper armor, can surwive literally dozen penetrating hits and bounce some.Preium content: doesn't worth it. Premium account does nothing but adds silver income, which can be obtained in large amounts without that. Premium tanks  aren't worth 45$ cost aexcept couple of russians. Converting "convertable"  research points - highly contraproductive
Ok, so for the past few games, ive been logging onto Trove only to find out i cant click anything. That being said, I cant craft anything, have to force exit the game, and cannot join my friends parties. On top of that, the camera glitches so bad. (I'll be running somewhere and suddenly the camera will turn around). Has this happened to anyone and/or how do I fix this problem? Because I really like Trove but with these problems I'm getting sort of annoyed to the point I dont want to play anymore.I used to play this game no problem. And not pay for ANYTHING... I would just grind to get what I needed. Now you're telling me I need to put my life savings into this game? Why? 
Early Access ReviewIf you wanted to play free to play games, this one, don`t even bother playing it.This is a game where "developer" try to imitate Counter-Strike games but failed horriblely,And they dare to add the most useless, and unworthly microtransaction. Only they selling is just "A" skin.Skin that I mention is "Skin" of a gun, "Emblems", and of course "Masks."Thats it? Thats what you can do on the Microtransaction? Super useless piece of item and dare to sell at $0.99 each?So its complete useless Microtransaction, so how about the game?Its a 2 Gamemode only, Skrimish, and Elimination.Skirmish is similar to Team-Deathmatch, only this here, is a bad Skirmish game, Elimination is idk vs idk Counter-Strike rip-off. Balancing Team is complete stupid and frequent unbalanced team.Guns are just a Ho-hum guns, everything looks pale and boring to shoot, it feels weird when shooting something, and its not like other shooting games, where you found it "fun" to shoot at, here is zero fun. I didn`t enjoy at all, P90 why u too nub to shoot, Shotgun, why u too op, M249, why u 1 shot kill player and why super expensive to buy? Why, all weapon damage feels imbalanced and i didn't find any favorable gun that i like to use. Except shotgun, which is super effective.Server is only in 3 "Channels", where player need to join the channels room to play, but I found out this is very familiar.Is this a developer from 3D Blockade? Server was laggy, have super buggy state of art, super buggy of poor net code. For me, at least on Asia. I probably realized this was hosted on Russia. Right. I also died by myself, is that poor net code for me?Hackers, yeah. It has, but is it hackable without ban? Yeah. No one give a damn about banning a person. You can`t even kick player, is it majority of the player who vote will win? No, no one will win if someone "vote" no on purpose of gaining winning. Ban VAC? Who gives a shyt, no one get ban.Graphics are just meh, but sound design is awful, its like they fked up the whole sound library. There`s no voice actor or any voice from this game, there`s no Hit detection where you getting hitted by enemy. Its like incomplete release.And lastly, did I mention the game have "Leveling" system... talk about the "useless" leveling system ever created? You gain EXP by winning a game. So what it does for EXP? Nothing. Yeah nothing. Zero functionality in EXP. Except unlocking skin which requires you 0.99$ to buy????Seriously this game, even though ppl recommended this game, I despite everything this game yet to offer. Even though its Free, you may thinking, Free is the reason why you set "Yes" as a good game, unfortunately, like me itself, I feel like I need to play other game instead. I say a lot of free games like Blackshot is even better than this, even a game like Crazy Shooter Online is 20 times better, this game isn`t. Its just a garbage game.There`s nothing to offer, there`s nothing that can redeem enjoyable, there`s zero factors of entertaining yourself, there`s zero communities, there`s zero calories and fats that can be burn on this game, mean factor of losing fats is no longer exist in this game and you can't even excersice on this game. I just can`t, I just wanted more biceps for playing a Shooter games. In the end, games sucks. Go play other free game instead.(2/10)
Early Access ReviewI first played this many months ago and decided to give it a try tonight, only to find they have added "EasyAntiCheat" as a requirement. While I get that client side anti-cheat software can be useful and seems to have been needed based on forum posts, I have considerable privacy concerns based on what EAC is requesting it be allowed to do on my computer.The software itself has full access to screenshot, keylog and google searches have shown the results are publicly available for all to see. The only limiting factor is their word that it only operates while the game is running. While I'm sure there is other anti-cheat software running on my computer (ie steam), the data it returns to any third party servers has never been Google searchable.I recommend the developers for Robocraft force a migration of their users to Steam and use Steam's built in anti-cheat instead of using a third party app developer who obviously has zero clue on how to secure data being returned to their servers. There's no excuse for that to be Google searchable.
Early Access ReviewI would've overlooked a lot of the issues in this game if it wasn't released 3 years ago. Yes the game is new here in the western market but you'd think after 3 years the only thing they would have to do is get translation correct... they couldn't even get that done in the freakin tutorial of the game. There was ZERO QA testing of this game. It's a cash grab to recoup money from the last 3 years of the game failing in every market around the world. I had to go the refund route for this game... its the first steam game I ever had to refund.PS: Every game has a few bugs.. every MMO has a rocky launch due to the inital rush. But this was beyond horrible for a game that launched 3 years ago. There is zero excuse.
I only played it because it's the only game that has tanks that's even remotely realistic that I've found.I discourage playing this game because of the developer, Gaijin.German late (1944-45) Second World War tanks fight post-war (1946-53) Soviet and American tanks. You can see how that turns out. (There's also aircraft. Same deal.)Tiger Is and Panther ausf Ds face IS-3s on a regular basis.Oh, and the Russians get prototype aircraft which never saw service because the guns broke the aircraft. (I'm looking at you, Yak-9K.)
Early Access ReviewHistory of robocraft:The Good Old Days:A long long time ago, when this game was fun to play, you used to get robo points to buy parts and tech points to research new parts - this was awesome, a sense of progression. Weapons were well balanced in their associated environments (e.g. SMG's did wonders at close range, with plasmas being effective barrage weapons and rails sniping off crucial parts etc.)The era of Megabots was ushered in, providing tantalising new content for veteren players and something to really look forward to for newer ones. The game was still fun, didnt feel like a grind and premium simply gave faster levels for more CPU and more robo and tech points - it was essentially pay to grind less.Now:I'd like to start off with a good point, then name the bad points in the middle and finish with some good points to represent what this game is now: A Turd Sandwich.+ Beautiful game that inspires creativity- Hackers are now present- If you dont have Premium, you will die of old age before you can afford one of the shamefully OP legendary weapons- Lost all sense of Progression- People spamming the chat begging people to buy their robots from factory+ Air Doge is funny░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░ ░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░ ░░░▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░-- Freejam --░░░░░░░░░
Pay to win! .....................free members cant shoot most animals,they'll only have one gun,They can only play in  servers of subscribed member(90%  admins kicks players who join their server in which only 10% servers u can join)......................well :/ idk this is my first '-'ve review
DO NOT PLAY. The grind for new players is Impossible. You will get constantly stomped by people who have played the game for huindreds of hours. To get any decent weapons you need to grind for at least 100hours or more.Everything is overpriced so you will never be able to afford that special item you need. AND theres no P2W way to skip the grind. its purely just a seal club fest
Such a FANTASTIC MOBA. You will love every minute of the complex, well made mechanics that you can tell took people a long time to create and put love into. Definatly not pay to win. The reason why I said you SHOULDNT play this game is because of the Community. Everyone is a jerk. Lower ranking games consist of horrible people who have no idea what they are doing, so they blame everyone els on the team. THIS IS ALMOST EVERY GAME. These people make it INCREDIBLY hard to move up or learn from your mistakes because the one guy who has a lot of kills but doesnt help the team in any way is yelling at you. Its just amazing how horrible people are at this game, but are quick to judge. My suggestion is to SKIP this game  because what ever time, place or day you decide to get on to play this BEAUTIFUL game there will be someone who will put you in a bad mood. The only valid way to play this game is to have a group of friends to play with you. If you are missing even one person you will get someone who doesnt want to help you or the team. Again a FANTASTIC MOBA, it is just littered with its community.
Early Access ReviewThe first time I played this game, it was alright. It had the typical tech tree system you'd see in some other games of the same nature, but in this one you created your own fighter with it's own special mechanics. You had to get quite invested into a certain branch in the tech tree to get the best part from it (Which is good, that makes sense.) Then I sorta drew away from the game as I started playing others. I came back a while later after my friend started playing and said I should redownload. So I did, and I played an- WHAT?! So now your level is linked to the parts you can buy? Welp, I'm a pretty high level, so this shouldn't be a problem. Then I repeat, un-install, wait, re-download.What the hell. So now you can buy ANY goddamn part you want? The game seems to have transformed from a competent, fun action game into this mess of micro-transactions. YES, CRATES, IN-GAME CURRENCY, we don't need the old fans, just grab in some new players and make them buy stuff! This game doesn't need anymore dedicated players who could've spent hours trying to get a single part, now you can buy that♥♥♥♥♥♥and give us more money!
Product received for freeGot bored after i "levelled up" (essentially got a few kills on people in the first game mode who have no idea how to play) and boom i was teleported to a high level "war" in which p2w players and grinders insta kill you and blow you up in tanks or planes and all i had to show for it was some semi auto rifle which did cheese all against their guns. Would have more hours if not for this. Better with friends.
Pretty much just a waste of 20+ gigs of space. Any free racing game is better than this so-called "simulator." Steering wheel implementation is pathetic compared to any modern game, free or not. Save yourself the download and pass over this one.
Robocraft what was once a decent game got broken down in bits."Everything" has been simplified...Back in the day you had tiers, which meant a noob would never face off an expierence user at the get go. Which also allowed expierence users to build bots with just enough points to play in sudden tiers. So you could face off smaller bots with your own small bot while now that isn't posible. Ofcourse you can run with a small bot but now you will face off bots of 2000CP...Now there is only 2 tiers, bellow 2000 and above 2000 which are custom games entirely.Instead we get now loot boxes at the end of a round xx if u won xx if u lost.All the blocks have been removed and we got only normal or the light blocks left.I won't say that the tallent system was good but this is even worse.Catch up system being broken, while you have the entire match 3 points active.The enemy team can destroy a crystal and win with 1 point active while we have 2 afterwards.What the f-ck ?!? its like having 90% and they have 30% yet they can still win with the crystal.I understand that you want a catch up system but I've never seen it this bad.I didn't write this review because I hate the game.The opposite is true I just wish they never simplified the game like this.
Early Access ReviewI want to reccommend this game. I really do.Sad thing is the servers are all located in Russia. So my lag is really really bad.(If they add servers, like Asian ones. I'd probably enjoy this game more.)The graphics are fine, and i really see the POTENTIAL for this to be a great f2p.(unless they make it a game you should buy, which i am not sure about.)If, and maybe if. The Developers fix some things (Like the ugh, text buy menu), get a better anticheat (maybe?)I want to be able to play this again in the future. Perhaps when they fully release it?Or rather when they fix most of it/ add more servers / put a ping checker.I want to believe. I really do.
Early Access ReviewI've logged 600+ hours in the game, and while it's great (and could be destined to become something special), I am writing this review to let those of you interested know that the game installs and runs the Red Shell spyware while the game is running. This is a serious breach of personal privacy and is a disappointing turn of events, considering I've spent both time and money into supporting this game.I've uninstalled the game until the situation changes, and I'm going to advocate others to do the same. Spyware is spyware, and DWD has absolutely no authority to be collecting my personal attention without my consent.
Product received for freeEarly Access Review(EDIT: DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALLS MALWARE WITH GAME)Join game, find m1camp in housesome idiot walks in does not see meshoot him 8 times in the back, he turns and one-shots meGG.jpgThe game runs well, and looks good. But the armor appears to be baised on some sort of random drop. Most games end with getting spawn killed by some guy with full armor. I have never found any.OVERALLNeeds work and could be good with work. Not worth playing as is.
Two Types of People Before the Downdate- "This is going to be sick! Please add Volvo"- "This will be a disaster. TF2 is mostly casual, it doesn't make any sense why thewy would add this."After the Downdate, Both Parties Were Forced Into the Melting Pot- "Matchmaking takes forever and I just want to play in pub servers. Revert the update!"I kinda agree.
ever since the last update i havent been able to log into the game, after i have logged in using the correct password and email the game freezes on the loading screen, i have redownloaded the game on steam and from the website and i continues to freeze, any help will be appreciated.
Early Access ReviewI genuinely used to love this game. Like this was at one point my favourite, but... after the epic loot update i am seriously contemplating uninstalling and quitting until it is either returned to its former glory or the newest update is balanced and changed drastically. some of Freejams ideas are appealing but most of them are atrocious such as the currency changes and recycler. in my opinion these ideas were only half baked before implementing and although they benefit the newer players, people like me and a lot of the veteran community have been left shorthanded. I for one demand changes before i contemplate returning to this game which in the past was a masterpiece but is now very unbalanced and unfair.  
This game takes so much away from my laptop. I cannot get the most out of it. I'll have to upgrade. I really wish this was a 29.99 game and included just a few of these series. I would have bought it outright. This pay for this and then something else comes out later that you want to buy and damn no money. I hate this type of scenario. Just offer it up at one price and get everything. Or break it up into two or three games for 19.99. You would have a customer. I am sick of getting excited and then haivng to uninstall and then three months later hey they got DTM and then downloading it once again but then finding out that you cannot access all the tracks. ANNOYING.
i put in hours and hours into this game but end up getting ♥♥♥♥ed by one guy i bet every medallion on a game with out knowing i was going up on this ♥♥♥♥ING YOUTUBER WITH 1000 hours and butt ♥♥♥♥ed me with the cheap round 13 rush after hours of playing this game i never felt so ♥♥♥♥ING BUTT ♥♥♥♥ED by one person plz dont let this happen to you go away as fast as you can and play some CSGO oh wait they made that game easy for hackers to well HACK its f2p and prime is given to all users who paid for the game. i also paid for skins and ended up no using them and going back to the basic ones as some of the skins are way to big and some times would block me seeing some bloons till it was to late ♥♥♥♥ING ROUND 13 RUSH ♥♥♥♥ YOU IF YOU RUSH IN ROUND 13 AND BOOST.
Early Access ReviewThis game is extremely unbalanced. The wrong tier players are matched with incorrect tier players. I would love to play as a "Robot" but loose all hope when the opposing team are all flying robo... I mean "Drones!" Drones are not robots hence the difference in name and operation. I'm all for a bit of variety and quirky building, but to have my tactical designed Mech, that I spent a lot of time and care on  destroyed in an instant by a flying square on acid is really rediculous!Matches need to be fairly matched, based on equal levels and equal amount of robot type. Say 3 Mechs+ 3 tanks or Wheel vehicals and no more than 2 drones /planes/ helis ect a side, that would at least even the odds and build a little tactical advantage for both parties.I love the creativity i can put into this game and do enjoy playing it. Would it be at all possible to allow co-op in the practice range against the AI bots? This would be a nice change of pace from constant deathmatches with little reward and of course players could always have a mode where they work against each other whilst fending off the AI bots and accumulating the best score?Please sort this great game out and win back all the other players that have left disgruntled, ( just read the comments) I can't believe this games review says Very positive, I think a recount is in order, dont you?P.s single player crashes all the time loosing you progress, somtimes after 20 kills, everytime after one death or beating your high score by more than 25-30 kills, please fix thisThanks
Game was great up until hour 39 when it crashed. Now i don't have access to the vault I spent money setting up. Emailed Fallout Shelter support and got some stupid automated response saying go to our support website. NO ACTIVE Human customer support to assist with game issues when your own money is on the line.. Case in point don't spend real world money on this game unless your ok with it dissapearing when  the game client crashes and doesn't allow you to access your Vaults.
For players new to yugioh and wanting to learn I don't recommend taking this game too seriously. As for the duelists who know what they're doing, who have played stuff like Dragon Rulers/Hands-Artifacts-Traptrixes/Teleport-Dark Armed Dragons/Scapegoat-Metamorphosis-Thousand Eyes Restrict lock/Whatever deck you name it/Anything from the actual game really; Those guys who know what I'm talking about - I don't think they are going to take this game seriously either. My advice is: Forget synchro forget xyz forget pendulum forget deckbuilding and forget yugioh because this is not the yugioh you knowThis game gets good reviews because of nostalgia and voices and Kaiba memes (I admit I too, picked this up at first for the nostalgia and memes) and while I appreciate that, the fact of the matter is the gameplay in terms of the logistics and cards leaves much to be desired.I'm Kaiba and I start the game with a random deck that does nothing. Let us examine one of the most powerful (*gasp*) cards in this deck named "Blue-Eyed Silver Zombie", a Normal Monster with 900ATK/700DEF played in 3 copies in the deck. As of this moment I am having a seizure on the floor bawling my brains out at this monster's titanic 900 attack stat. To express my completely unbiased, sincere evaluation of this card in all honesty I impart the following words: This card sucks balls. I'm sorry but Kaiba you will never be the next king of games with your fourth rate deckbuilding skills and fifth rate cards. Do yourself a favor, toss it in the chiller where it belongs next to your "Frog the Jam" and "Mushroom Man #2".It is to my understanding that a deck can only contain up to 3 copies of the same card. Why is it that these boxes have 8, 9, 10 of the same card in them, not to mention they're all really bad. In fact 90% of all the cards there are either useless or will have no immediate use in your deck. Going through all the boxes seeing what cards were in them was an exercise in cringing since the only 'ok' cards I 'might' consider using are found in quantities of 1x and 2x mixed with all these 8x, 9x and 10x cards I'm only going to throw away. I can open a dozen packs right now and the best card in my deck will still be Blue Eyed Silver Zombie. Even some of the rarer cards aren't even good: Mirage Knight is Super Rare in this game? I bet there's going to be some guy who rips open who knows how many packs for that Sacred Phoenix of Nepthys, but winds up getting Mirage Knight instead and then kills themselves the next day. I figured the best thing to do since everything sold is so bad is to not buy anything at all.Yo this crappy p2w mobile game is making big bucks off you guys while half the cards in this game (including the ones considered 'good') can be physically bought for less than 50 cents at a real world store where real cards are being sold. Like, In the physical universe. These players know that, right?? Save lives - You can get a Super Rare Sacred Phoenix of Nepthys for 49 cents online. In all seriousness it's just a bit bizarre to imagine people shelling out in this game when you can hit up an online store and buy singles or get a real deck (in both a literal and figurative sense).To those that are new to yugioh and want to learn the Yugioh trading card game, I would only suggest using this as a tool, and only as a tool, just to learn the ropes and get the basics down. Do understand that this game doesn't have all the cards, and decks you see in this game aren't what people are playing out there in the real Yugioh TCG.
Early Access ReviewWow. Where do I even start? NEOWIZ has had more than ample time to address some of the concerns with this game that have been plaguing it for years... This was by far the absolute worst launch I have ever experienced and I own ArcheAge, Diablo 3 and many others that go down in the history books for such. The combat is an absolute joke. This semi-linear, tab targeting combat system makes you feel like you have somewhat of a variety but in reality you'll just be spamming the same 2 buttons constantly. When I say spamming, I mean you'll hit R 7 times and then it will FINALLY use your chain skill. There is an undeniable lag from the input to actual action that makes you feel like you're on dial-up. The UI is possibly one of the worst aspects of this entire game. There are literally games from the late 90s with better and more customizable UIs (Asheron's Call, The Realm Online, etc...). Completely ignoring the fact it takes approximately 907 tries to get the game to actually launch, once you're in you're plagued with constant crashes, graphics lag and other terrible graphics issues such as the game freezing for a few seconds just from opening your quests journal, inventory or map. As if it wasn't terrible enough at this point, the game won't even support it's advertised aspect ratios/resolutions. If you choose the wrong settings on the launcher it will crash your game when you launch it. The pure amount of technical issues with this game, the absolutey poor response and acknowledgement of these issues on NEOWIZ's behalf and the fact that there are apparently no plans to address any of these issues is why I cannot recommend this game and I am requesting a refund.Literally 1/5 stars.
Early Access Reviewconnection issues aside, this is a very generic MMO. If you have previously played Blade and Soul, Black Desert Online, Aion or Revelation Online.. you've already played a much better game than Bless. Go show your support there. This game has a long ways to go before it catches up to any of those, and its already been out for years. 
They only care about new players, so every update they release some kewl new stuff (helis, 9.0 e.t.c) to shut everyone up. Then the real complaints come (grindy, broken BR, soft RP cap), BUT OHH WAIT NEXT UPDATE WILL HAVE NEW TOYS LOOK AT THESE!! ♥♥♥♥ing awul companym warframe is F2P too, but the devs actually care about their players.
this game is broken and♥♥♥♥♥♥this facking game and cs go is facking better than this♥♥♥♥♥♥doda 2 quality is so so bad i cat laugh so hard and delet this game and let id be like league of legends tad game is good like this♥♥♥♥♥♥doda 2 bye facking noob master ho mate and bye 
Early Access ReviewPlayed the game once every couple of month. Mostly because progression was tediously slow and matchmaking unbalanced. So when i read the recent reviews, i thought: "Oh, cmon, how bad can it be, lol?" Let me tell you that - BAD. Really, really bad. TL;DR - don't play it unless you are Willy the Whale and you ran out of ideas on how to spend your money after financing the college of every stripper in close vicinity. 1. Matchmaking is utter garbage. You get thrown in with people who have the strongest weapons driving on a tiny platform. Sure, a good hit would kill them, but here's the thing - the strongest weapons also have the longest reach, highest accuracy and best dps. Basically if you are up against someone with a better weapon, you already lost unless he doesn't notice you for half a day or you have some buddies with you.2. Loot system about as rewarding as squeezing water out of rocks. You get a crate at the end of the match - it will be a random part. Like, utterly random. I got a wheel, a track and some blocks. While it might be funny to think of a combination of those items, at the end of the day you will have no fun building your robot as a free2player. Your funneh robot loving named "McFartFace" will face 105% optimized deathmashines with full-legendary equip.3. The only other form of aquiring parts other than the random lootboxes it destroying the parts you have for 25% of their worth and then buying different stuff. Ofc the prices are exorbitant for anything good. If you can afford it though? You can have invisibility, shields, instakill weapons - against guys with a wheel, a track and some blocks to keep those together. 4. The only people who are still playing this game are toxic max-lvs who have everything unlocked and will call you an autist if you complain about the unfairness of it. (I guess one should be happy to have the honor of being one-hit-killed by them)5. The devs show no remorse and no reasoning. They want cash. I find this theory about lizard-people controlling everything in order to destroy humanity more and more plausible. Otherwise the devs would have to be unbelievably greedy and stupid.P.S. Ofc you could say "What does he know, he only played a couple of hours, lol" - well, good luck enduring any more than that as a new player.
Not too happy with this game, after playing the included campaign basically everything costs gold or cash. Farming gold is kinda slow (you need 3-4 daily missions for 1 event ticket), and to unlock another campaign or state-of-the-art decks, you'll need about 20-40 dailies.There are resources to improve cards that are quite grindy to get.In addition, even if you have all the stuff to improve cards, you might notice that your level is too low for that and you'll have to grind some more.The AI decks look pretty rigged to me, and the campaign often gives advantages to the opponents.It suffers from all TCG probs like getting wrong cards at the wrong time, while opponents seems to get just what they need. To compensate, the AI seems to play worse when you retry a campaign mission, so even the dumbest will make it at some point so he can purchase the next campaign.Card packs (6 cards) cost 2 bucks, and more often than not contain crap cards or cards for different schools you can't use with your main deck.Event tickets are 2 bucks each, and you can fight up to 9 AI opponents for rewards, but without some special cards, you'll start to loose after 3-5 enemies, making this a bit cheaper than buying packs, but still expensive.Not a bad game if you want to spend some bucks or invest serious time to unlock things, but for casual play, it's just to grindy and boring. Did not dare to start PVP fights, and bailed out after I finished the included campaign and reaching level 9.
Product received for freeEarly Access Reviewi stoped playing this one beceause my pc craped out, got a new pc and now this super fun game is not fun anymore :( that makes me sad.   change it back devs, change it back please. 
Early Access Reviewjust another cheesy mechanic battle royale game. If this genre is copied that hard why isnt any dev able(i wont call xaviant devs anymore, but the culling was as close as it ever will get unfortunately) to actually copy it from the original battle royale films instead of crap?bring crafting, melee weapons(not only but mostly), make it an skill driven, fast fps and be sure to get my money(no pls dont make it f2p, there is no need to. good games always sell and if that means i dont get annoyed by dlc's and mtx then i gladly pay...)
PLEASE PLEASE NO! i love world of tanks but world of tanks blitz is a bad game i looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥it is possible to get enough gold to buy a premium just by doing the ♥♥♥♥ing tutorial all the player are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you should thank me for going to this hell so you don't have too this is a free to play game that is trying too hard too get your money overall a 2/10
Early Access Review(there's an unbelievable tweet by seb I'll link at the end of this review.)TLDR: The game had a golden period, and dipped below iDubbbz eating peaches in a sewer. Don't play.This game is the equivalent of an indecisive 5 year old who wants to be everything on Halloween, with constant bursts of unrealistic ideas.Robocraft at one point had a decent ranking system, a good currency system, and basically a good everything else. It seems as if the developers didn't see what promise they had, and consequently shoved the whole thing down a toilet full of polished turds. There seems to be a misallocation of priority, with all of it going towards radically changing the base game rather than actually listening to the players, and fixing the game.The old tiering system worked fine, along with the different tiers of armor you could have. It gave a clear difference between the tiers, and actually was something to work towards upgrading. The currency system was also working well, as it didn't give too much money to the point progress was too easy, and never too little to make things seem impossible. But, literally all of that got thrown out the window in favor for absolutely worthless crates and pay-to-win mechanics. The weapons long ago actually had a clear difference as to what they were used for, but again, it was thrown out in favor of new weapons that you're encouraged to buy with real money.If you've heard the saying, "if it ain't broke, don't fix it," you could very safely assume the developers haven't.Almost everything this game had was golden, but it seems Freejam has caught some sort of contagious mental illness amongst it's staff, and as a result their game was thrown down the company ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and repeatedly defecated on. There is literally /ZERO/ ideas being taken from the community, despite what their numerous announcements say. Not a single mind wanted these changes, Freejam.In short, stay very well away from this game until some miracle worker comes along and fixes the game, or that mental illness Freejam caught subsides.seb's tweet: https://twitter.com/sebify/status/726734941178990592 
Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewThe first time I played this, I was confused and clueless, but I had a blast! This game is one of the most unique ones I've ever played, or ever made and highly enjoyable. The more enjoyable the game will be the more you experiment your own vehicle and the more you try to be creative. Updates always come, making the game better and better, but now... It's just a plain piece of junk... The game is getting more and more Pay-to-Win, unfriendly towards Free Players, and overall greedy! We used to be patient and try to be as skilled as possible, but now you just have to pray to get the good stuff, not to work hard for them anymore! The worst part is that they changed our choices.Back then, we could either immediately buy the cheap stuff that you think you'll one day need or save the robopoints (now "robits") so you could finally buy that awesome gun everyone else keeps killing you with. But now you just have to pray to get the good stuff in a crate... You're no longer working hard and rewarding yourself, instead, you'll gamble and hope to get a good item and almost never getting the one you actually want or need!Back then, we could either be Snipers providing cover for the ones fighting for the team or be an SMG tank roaming around and messing with enemies as you drain their health. There used to be class system! The game is completely balaned since us players have Strengths and Weaknesses. SMG > Planes, Snipers > Plasma Tanks, Plasma Tanks > SMG. But now, it's just a messy war with players filling their vehicles with random stuff, making it unfair for "weaker" robots.Back then, we could buy Galaxy cash and go Premium to get awesome cosmetics and extra robopoints are only given to Premium Players, or just work hard and not care about design. But now, Premium players could also get Crates full of hyper good things that Free Players will take forever to have and High-Teir weapons they get in a blink of an eye. Giving them unfair advantage from the Free Players! Want balance? Go Premium!Back then, we could decide whether to use Plasma Cannons that require Prediction and Timing, Rail Snipers that require Accuracy and Steadiness, SMGs that require Numbers and Speed, or Nano Disruptors that require Companionship and Judgement. They all take skill, experimentation, and practice. But now, Tesla Slicers, Ion Distorter, Proton Seeker, and Lock-on missiles? All we have to do is to charge at enemies, get closer to them, and select a target to do some damage! All you need is an instructions manual to destroy a lot of players with ease!The game's awards are used to be achievements, something for the devs to be proud and inspired of! Don't let the destruction of the game make these awards turn into advertisements to decieve players believing this game is a gem!Freejam! Valve listens to its community and requests giving what players want to make TF2 and others balanced, enjoyable, friendly, fair, and not Pay-to-Win!Be like them!
Early Access ReviewI will probably still play this game, even though I do not recommend it.Reasons are:1. Nothing to do against cheater.2. No way of complaining about player behavior.3. Enless grinding towards springs.4. You need to move for over a minute to get where the action is.Reasons I sometimes play this anyway:1. Feels realistic(ish)
Early Access ReviewI never knew what it was like to honestly hate a game until I opened this one. This is honest to god the worst game I've ever played, I've never uninstalled a game so fast in my entire life.  This game is a giant steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥  To be honest I'm not entirely sure how to express in words exactly what it is I hate about this game, but I hate it for some reason.
Early Access ReviewTL:DR - Get it if you have nothing better to play. Otherwise, move on.Back when i first started playing this, about 2 years ago, this game was actually pretty neat. It was 'Robocraft'. You build your bots, go into battle, get RP, buy more parts and improve your bot. You could go into a battle and see unique bots all over. Some sucked. Some were OP. Some were simply ridiculous.Fast forward to now. With the CRF introduced, it's not so much Robocraft as it is Robo'copy-n-paste'. I see one awesome design in one match. Cool. Next match i see a similar design but with rearranged electroplates. Then i see one with different weapons. Suffice to say, people aren't as encouraged to build their own bots as they were pre-CRF. Still not that bad. I mean, they can copy the bots but i'm still building mine from scratch.The addition of Flaks, and all updates henceforth, spelt the death of this game. Current state of the game? Build a tanky ground bot, or get rekt (buy big shotgun). Build a small and fast flyer that is capable of retreating easily, or get rekt (by big flak cannon). The number of 'viable' builds in the game has been greatly limited to giant ground tank, or small/fast flyer. No more flying tanks. No minimen. It's just, for lack of a better word, pathetic. Flaks just knock you down no matter how tanky your plane is. An easy fix for this would be if FreeJam did something sensible and, a) decreased flak firerate or b) decreased the damage. But it's FreeJam, when've they ever listened to player input? Thank god for FreeJam that the LOML (Lock-on Missile Launcher) isnt too bad after recent nerfs. Not even gonna get started on the shotgun.INB4 "Make better bots you noob"Fair point. Maybe i should make better bots. Now i just need more cu-- NOPE. In order to get cubes/weapons/parts, i'll need to head into battle. In order to get good stuff i need to place high up. To place high up, i'll need... oh no... a better bot!!11!?!?!?1? See where i'm going? With the old RP system, I could've easily gone into battle, farmed cash, then bought whatever i needed at the time. Now i play with a sh17b07, get low rank, then get more sh17 to place on sh17b07. Oh how do i get out of this loop? :c. By spending cash on the stacks of protonium boxes obviously (which i'll note, does not guarantee at least one decent item).End of Review/Rant/Rantview - FreeJam needs help. Whatever they're trying, or tried, to make of this game is far out of sight, and can never be reached because they took the wrong train to crapland.
I really enjoyed my hunts in this game, unfortunally I stoped when I saw the really pay to win system to keep playing the game. When you play game like this, you want to upgrade your equipments and that is when p2w system cames. Its sad cause it might be one of the only out there.
Early Access ReviewI remember this game being fun in 2014 before the devs started to phase out the veteran player base in favor of casual gamers. It's still beyond me why exactly the devs decided to do this but one thing is for certain, they had already created a fantastic, smart and challenging game. Then they started to chip away all those little things that made Robocraft unique and enjoyable untill only a shallow husk of it's former glory remained.There are many reviews here that describe the step-by-step process the devs took to ruin Robocraft so for the sake of keeping this short i recommend you to read them instead. As for the future of Robocraft, nothing good can come of the "new" direction that the devs decided to take the game in. As of late 2015 the game has been slowly dying, i only hope that the devs see reason and restore it back to the way it used to be before it's completly dead. I've now stopped playing the game, there's nothing good, fun or challenging left in Robocraft anymore...Shame on you Freejam, you greedy bastards!
I have been an avid Bethesda game fan since Oblivion, putting hundreds of hours into both Oblivion and Skyrim. Played all of the DLC, roleplayed dozens of characters, and beat both of the games several times. I have no idea what is going on with Bethesda as a company; but it seems like at this point they are taking advantage of their fan bases. Trying to squeeze as much money out of the franchise as possible and killing the life it has. I was disappointed to hear about TES 6 not being developed for the next decade or so, or the fact that they created a Creation Club, and the fact that they released Skyrim on about a dozen platforms. But this game? You have to PAY to play this game, you literally have to buy the acts to actually play the game. This is a mobile game, they make revenue off of ads already! I found this game fun, but I don't want to touch it anymore just for the simple fact that you have to purchase acts that don't even last that long. There is no real content that you are purchasing, what are they charging you for? P.S. to Bethesda,Please stop ruining my favorite franchise with your money grabbing greed. I would've spent more money on my own accord purchasing packs, but simply won't touch this game again because you are forcing me to dish out money for you. You used to be my favorite gaming studio, I used to day dream about working at Bethesda, but now I cringe at the thought of your studio and the shell of itself it used to be.
+great physicsgreat graphics-devs are russians, so russian tanks are OP and they don't give a s++t about history facts (Russian history lessons is like watching FIFA in North Korea)matchmaking s++ks, mostly i play against 1-2 rank higher tanks with battle
Lets be clear, the full game costs $500+ and this number will climb rapidly over time. DO NOT BUY IN in or you will just continue to encourage the pay to buy cards buisness model that compromises balance and player enjoyment to squeeze as much cash from players as they can tolerate.Believe it or not, it would be possible to make a strategic card game that respects the player and prioritizes game balance and player enjoyment. Too bad it will never happen because players keep giving in and funding this abusive buisness model.The usual trickle of daily quests disrespects the player by urging them to form a habit of logging in to get a pittance of gold. Balance isn't as bad as some other card games, but it won't be long before you'll get hopelessly stomped by players using decks you could never make without dropping a significant chunk of cash.
Early Access ReviewThe money you pay to get this game doesn't matter in the slightest because Bless online feels like FREE TO PLAY MMO with all those ridiculous paywalls, premium memberships and item mall. Save your money and wait till the game is actually free to play.
Once upon a time this was a great game. An MMO with creativity and fun mechanics. With each expansion however the game eventually revealed its treachery as a P2W money-making scam. The development team continued to add features and pay walls to limit the new player base and increase the amount of money you needed to spend to progress. The game no longer feels lighthearted and fun, but grindy and boring. AVOID THIS GAME, IT WILL CAUSE YOU ONLY HEARTBREAK.
Early Access ReviewI was ok with most of the updates over the past year, however the no driver’s seat, no tiered armor cubes has made the game to simplistic for me. People complaining about good players building and designing machines that were superior frustrated me. A good game will have many different facets and layers to it, Freejam has removed those facets making the game unintresting. but hey now the most basic of intelligence and thought will do well in this game.
contrlling sucks, hard to get around as a newbieexpensive, unlike another game here that is free2play but awesome this doesn't give you anything "free"graphics suckdid i mention controlling sucks?no, just nooo
If you didn't start the game when it came out, you're screwed. Any players joining either get disconnected from server, or if you're completely new to the game, you get killed by another player within 10 seconds of spawning. half hour, 12 deaths later, not a single life lasted longer than 10-15 seconds. I'll try playing another time when the game is a little better balanced for new players.
absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Tutorial and first "boss" felt awful and clunky. Animations clipped through the ground and looked very ugly imo. Stamina bar way too low and walking is extremely slow and tedious. Just loking at the game gives me eye strain and a headache, This is coming from someone who plays games 10+ hours a day. As soon as I got into the actual world there was constant spamming in chat of deals to get ingame currency. Not to mention all of the damn currencies in the game, I saw at least 5 different currencies ( which you can probably buy with irl cash making it a pay to win). Horrible experience.
great game if you hate having fun. the anti-fun levels of this game are the highest i've ever seen. if you like having fun or being happy, stay well away. this is a game made for people who like having their bum smacked by a girl and being told to enjoy it. the voice acting is pretty good as well.--EDIT: by special request, i'm going to tell you how to find little nuggets of fun in this game that will improve your gameplay experience if you decide to try this game.-ignore your grumpy teammates and use your abilities and items when you want to.-stay away from tryhard meganerd modes like captains* and play fun gamemodes like diretide.-if you see any weird letters like Д or that one that looks like a 6, MUTE everybody on both teams and stay on the lookout for opportunities to have fun.-never queue for matchmaking without a good friend.things that are NOT fun and you SHOULD NOT do if you like fun-buy wards when you have no spare money-pick dumb heroes with lots of buttons like chen-listen to grumpy teammatesi hope this has helped you to get more fun out of valve's Dota 2. please mark this review as helpful if it has helped.
Early Access ReviewI justed to love this game where i could spend time just building bots and see if they work or just make a funny looking bot for the fun of it. Now with the change to the looting system they added and in the prosses destoyed the abillity to get the parts you want (robitts are a joke from RP). If you want to make something now you have to cross your fingers that you got what you need and for anyone that like to make new bots and be creative, this is a prison of what this game used to be.
This is a heads up for returning players that are having problems with the 2 stage google authentication system this developer has set up.    What a nightmare I have had trying to get my account verified so i can bypass this system that is not working for me.  If you are an aged user of the game pre 2014 you will find it very interesting interacting with their support centre and the hoops they ask you to jump through.  It is a great game but unfortunately their support  is very ordinary and not user friendly at all.
Access ReviewHad fun till recently, but they shot themself in the foot by replacing maps instead of adding them, their signature snow map can now only be accessed when the stars allign correctly and only for team games. 
Early Access ReviewActually i would reccomend this game as it is a good bit of fun, but for some reason it comes up with exception breakpoint and does not start. This is not only happening for me , but also for many others. is there any fix?
Early Access ReviewIf you're a simpleton or an 8 year old, you will like this game.  But I couldn't recommend it for an 8 year old because pedos.  Insultingly stupid and predictably a microtansaction scam-to-be.
1.This game is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t... pay to win all the time. I spend 24H in this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game to see how it works the cards and then when i learned to play it (puzzles) and of course i made a good deck, reach the 8lvl ranked, comes the donators with buyed cards/decks whos destroy me every single time, bcz i have only a normal cards and the lucky 2 legendary.2.The store is really expensive from the side of gold and money.3.To take some gold for a card packs or gold for a ready-made decks (500) you need to paly 1 week... lost time for this...Don't play Pay to WIn games, whose made too commercial.
I´ve played this game for quite some time now, as you can see. And while I proceeded in the game, I started to notice some very bad things. Firstly, the grinding: I understand that it takes some time to unlock a new vehicle, but without multipliers it took me almost two months to unlock the Tiger, in the German tech tree, but its only in the middle of it! The grind also is very frustrating, if you research a vehicle but you dont have enough money to actually BUY it. I once spent a big amount of ingame money to level up my crew until I was pretty much broke. I thought I could regain that money with playing some matches, but the exact opposite happened. Since that time I ve been in a constant state of poverty or extreme grinding.Secondly, the matchmaking and battlerating-system. Both dont work an are complete nonsense. Example: My Tiger H1 has the battlerating 5.7. There are many vehicles with this battlerating or just some that the Tiger actually fought in WW2. Do I get to fight these? No, of course not! It could be to easy for me! I got uptiered to 6.7 EVERY time! And which tanks are on this battlerating, you may ask. The Tiger 2 for example, but also Tanks like the Pershing. The second of these was desinged to kill Tigers in one shot and withstand their 88mm gun. So, could I as a Tiger kill a Perhing? From the side at a 5m distance maybe, but never in a head on fight. In addition to that I have to say, that there is a russian bias in the game, because the grind for russian vehicles is much shorter and you can just go in like: RUSH B♥♥♥♥♥♥ Thirdly the historical accuracy: This also has an impact on point 2. Many vehicles, that never or rarely fought each other, have the same battlerating! So youre going to fight them. This is very frustrating, cuz sometimes you fight a 50s MBT like the Centurion MK 1 in an early 1942 Panzer 4. I dont think I have to elaborate this point any further. I just want to say that my Panzer 4 is at 4.5 and the Centurion MK1 at 5.7 (the same BR as the Tiger, which he also never fought, but was desinged to defeat it).Fourth point: Air combat. In one sentence. Boring and empty, also with massive uptiers and ahistorical fights.Conclusion: It is no bad game, in fact I like it very much, but it needs some big fixes and balancing. Also the realistic combat system is also extremely cool, but sometimes it just doesnt work. And also the tech trees are full of different variants of the same vehicle which just arent different from eachother. Id say: Give it a try, but dont expect a lot from it.
Early Access ReviewIt was good when I playedit last year, but all these updates have really made it all the worse. Sorry devs, but you messed up something good. was an 8 or 9 out of 10. Now I'd give it a 6/10 at best.
Early Access Review*EDIT* Here I am revisiting this game and I`m just left with less hope for it than before.This game is just a mockery for the people who play it and a mockery of what a great game it used to be. And it`s only because people WERE ACTUALLY PROGRESSING back then without having to spend a peny. So my guess is that FJ had realized that and decided to send everyone down the ♥♥♥♥ing RNG lootcrate ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T system AND on top of that put a second row of items (ussually the better ones) whenever you open a crate, so that they can tease our wallets out! Great ♥♥♥♥ing work, Good Job, Bravo and a round of applause please for FJ! The company that managed to create a good, fun game that everyone loved..and trow it down the sewers! Unboxing Simulator 2016   Bad Updates Simulator 2016FreeJam ♥♥♥♥ you for turing a fun game into an ENDLESS RNG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t system!Bring back the thech tree and RP!By the way...the game is now in "EARLY ACCESS"  but before it was in BETA!! FreeJam...YOU ♥♥♥♥ING PUSSCAKES !
Even though it is free it's still a complete lose of time. Nothing here to really see or accomplish. And you can get a taste of the art from the sakura games by other means. Really, I don't see the point of this free demo afk clicking no purpose "game". There are no jokes, no story, no lines at all actually, no real animation nor collection of pictures. Nothing ? You to judge, I did try to advance a little before making my opinion. I don't recommend it. Still, it's free.
Still the same cancer that "WarZ, Infestation, NewZ" will always be, always bugged, glitched, full of exploits, cancer comunity, impossible to play, i hadn't enought time on game to see if theres cheaters (warz and infestation had a lot btw), but one time a guy killed me on spawn with a sniper, its just a camper? I don't know, but camping new characters? Are u a ♥♥♥♥ing brainless?! Anyways, don't waste your time downloading, i've been here since WarZ, crappiest game, just a bunch of glitchs and overloaded servers with high ping and poor optimization.
This game has ambition but the car handling is unrealistic and touchy, when i plugged in my gamepad  to test if i could handle it better it faired no help to turning the zero degree radius turning, the visuals are on par with forza but at this moment the handling of the cars and outrageously expensive micro transactions for anything that may be halfway decent in a race has made it so i will not play unless it has a nearly complete overhaul or improves.
Garbage. Stop wasting my time with your tutorials. I couldn't even see the cards because they were small but I can't change settings (if that's even available) until im done the long and drawn out tutorial? You even asked me my experience level at the beginning of the game...  I'm sure that has to count for SOMETHING..
Dota 2 700 aka Dota 3 ruined the game.The HUD is too small and distracting."Almost" new map with unbalanced heroes.Different spawning time for each camp.Now it looks like Leage of Legends.Bad performance, 
Compared to the other clicker, casual, upgrade DPS games, this one doesn't compare well.  Tap Tap Infinity allows both Left and Right Click buttons for massive manual damage.  Time Clickers has the cool gun stuff going.  Clicker Heroes has fast multiple level purchases.  This game though can be fun, doesn't play as well as the others.  The cosmetics are cheesy and too expensive in my opinion.  Perhaps some updates are needed.
Early Access ReviewI am going to ignore all the technical issues with the game for this review for those things could be fixed.The combat in Bless is garbage for lack of a better term. It was clearly created by people who do not understand what fun combat is. There are telegraphed mechanics in dungeons that require you to move out of the way in some fun mobile fashion...yet there is no such fun mobile movement in Bless. There's no dodge, there's no blocking, no teleporting, nothing, you just walk your slow character out of the red stuff in an incredibly boring fashion. (the ranger class can dodge, with a cool down of 35 seconds!)  Beyond the combat: Bless online offers nothing entertaining as far as questing goes. You mosey from area to area and kills hordes of the same mobs with the same linear boring combos for hours. You kill things, you collect things, then you auto walk them back to turn them in, rinse and repeat a thousand times until your next boring lingear dungeon. Also, all the story quests are instanced and there's no way to do them with friends. Similarly, the first two dungeons are soloable. So, Bless does a terrible job of enticing you with fun content later by giving you a taste of what is to come early in the game. Also, as I'm sure you've heard, the translations are quite confusing on the skill tooltips for. This creates a feeling of just button smashing at first because you're not really sure what the debuffs are or even what your skills are doing. eventually you figure them out by trial and error. People in the game are saying that's part of what makes a game fun is figuring out what works, but that's not what is happening here. This challenge is based on a failure to translate the game into understandable english...if this is your type of challenge, play a different MMO in a language you don't understand.  Gear:  Initially (for the first 30 levels, as far as I was willing to play) you do not find armor save for in dungeons, and even then, you rarely get drops that are for your class. Basically you get new gear by just buying it from each new dungeon merchant. Which takes the fun out of exploring and defeating mobs for a chance of better stuff. Normal mobs have a chance to drop a weapon that is class specific and you will find yourself getting a lot of weapons that aren't for you. And if you happen to be questing with your friends and they aren't close enough to bid on the item, there is no way to give it to them because there is no trading. (maybe they will add trading later, but this is just a minor annoyance anyway) Easily the worst MMO I've ever played. Most people are refunding or quitting because of the technical issues, but there are core game mechanics that are just unfixable without a complete redesign, these (listed above) suck the fun out of the game and create an experience that can be found, without having to spend 40 dollars, by rubbing fine grit sand paper all over your body until you have no skin left.   
Early Access ReviewAlright listen here folks, it was a good match all was well 5 kills then I go and loot this body and I'm on the ground... then I try to stand up logically by pressing 'C' like all games then I was killed, this has happened 3 times and I'm very dissapointed... SERIOUS REVIEWThe game is fun and all but the animation/character movement and control is absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ when I aim I don't expect for the camera and the gun to be flying over the place like Princess leia in that one scene of star wars were she turns into a space fairy and flies off, the graphics are alright but it's not really treated well with the camera movement, when you are in first person you can barely control yourself and in third person you feel asif you are trying to move in a giant ♥♥♥♥ing soup ladle filed with grease and russian man juices... 10/10 ISSA MASTAPIECE BABYY
Early Access ReviewHonestly this game had potential when I first played it. I come back and how awful it still is. The sound effects are garbage, combat is unbalanced, and the guns just aren't very good. Every gun seems to be trash except for the Bolt-action sniper rifles which one hit kill an enemy. The graphics are fine, the effects are sub-par. THe squad system is garbage, and for some bewildering reason it has to open a separate window for the actual battle. Such a disappointment
Early Access ReviewShould have listened to some of the constructive criticism posted everywhere in the last 2 YEARS.. They didnt, robocraft is in the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ATM, developers dont seem to care.Avoid this game for now.
After putting a 3,000 plus into this game i can say without a doubt in my mind this is the worst most bias game i have every seen. It is loaded with russains bias ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to core. Their are also half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥models and every patch the game engine breaks more and more. My wallet was open at one point i hoped the devs would have listened to us. But they dont any criticism you post or fact about something is delect and then you get a pm that threatens to ban you their mods are ♥♥♥♥ing 16 year and up to 30 year fan boy. This game is sicking and need to be fixed or shut down.
The store prices are stupid high. They are 4 times what they should be. So me recomending this game is saying I think this is fine. I do not beleive it is. So I will not give a thumbs up.The game is a decent management game on the whole. The times are on the high side but not as stupidly high as others in this class (app-facebook ect).  So if you do decide to play it. I strongely suggest not spending good money (or bad money or any money) on it. That's if the prices don't drop to within reason.
was looking forward to this but sadly after installing onto windows 10. when i ran the game my mouse just heads to the top of the screen. if i pull it down it just runs up the screen again. so after running the game. the mouse heads up the screen again. so gave up playing did not even manage to get to the first race. have not uninstalled. just incase there is a fix. but for now if anyone knowa of a fix for this. please let me know. at the moment i will review this down. and when i manage to play the game i will give an update.
Sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥game , you lose connection in a game and you lose even if the game hasn't even started and you're just selecting your towers in the lobby. Don't waste money buying medallions because you lose any medalions you make to losing connection. Even though it's a problem on the game's side not the people. A moment later and you can start a new game and suddenly the lost connection thing doesn't happen. Lost all my remaining medalions to this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't bother trying to play a battle arena unless you have 20x the ammount of what the entry price is.
Don't let Steam hours fool you, I've been playing this since Beta on the normal client. I literally downloaded this on Steam just to throw my two cents in: I'll just say this: If you enjoy other MOBAs, you'll most likely enjoy Smite. That being said, the game is undergoing a major shift, and the developers are jumping ship. They're going from Hi-Rez-EXAMPLE EMPLOYEE NAME to Titan-EXAMPLE EMPLOYEE NAME. This is being used to distinguish between the two groups of HiRez. One is project Titan, and the other is simply HiRez. You can expect the eventual dropping of the original Devs, to the new ones. Half of the problems that the game is currently facing, is due to inconsistency. I'll explain: Most players, whether they're new or old, can tell you that the game is incredibly inconsistent. This being that you can queue for a match, and if you're lucky enough to get in, and not "You are unable to be matched, and are now the highest queue) which literally resets your queue for another 10-15 minutes. If you're lucky to get in, you'll see one of two things; one or multiple people on your team that are exceedingly low-level, and shouldn't be in your games, or one or more enemies that are low-level, and shouldn't be in your games. Either way, it's simply not enjoyable. ROFL-Stomping some poor guy thats a low-level, when he shouldn't be in your game, ISN'T FUN FOR ANYONE. It's not fun for him, and it's not fun for me. And it actually has a high chance of running new players away.Match-making inconsistency is more often than not, the cause for player-frustration: I've been playing since the Beta, and I'm burned out. I played literally 10 games in a row, and literally had trash players on my team, that threw the game. I should never be paired with less than 120's, that's sloppy match-making. Playing with friends should be FUN: I've played countless hours with friends, and one design flaw remains; whomever queues for the game, and is the party leader, rules the match-making. I'm normally the party leader, and we typically get players between 100-160, aside from the low-levels we get teamed with. And while this is fine, we have a few players that are new, and have difficulty keeping up with players that are +100. So to remedy this, we'll have our low-level player host, and queue for matches, and thats where it becomes apparent that the match-making is literal trash. Because if he queues the party, we go up against players that are HIS level, not mine. HiRez claims that the "match making takes the cumulative level of the party, and Match-Making-Rating, and queues them with the players closest to themselves." Well we just proved that's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. So now we're in a game with players under 30, and I'm 130. So I have two options; I can ROFL-Stomp these low-level players, or I can hang back, and let them experience the game. I don't want to throw the game for us, but I don't want to be THAT player, thats farming lowbies. That's not fun for anyone, and I want the player base to keep growing, not shrinking. God/Class favoritism is rampant: You can clearly see which Gods/classes are favored more than any of them, just by looking at the numbers. There are currently 98 Gods; out of those 98, there are 29 Mages, 20 Assassins, 18 Hunters, 14 Warriors, and 17 Guardians. Mages are the most overpowered, and thusly the most played. There are mages that are so ridiculous, you can't close the gap, to actually get to them. This can be seen with gods like Ah Puch, Discordia, Baron, Nox, Zeus, Vulcan, etc. It's exceedingly rare that Mages are "bad." However, there are many gods that are simply in a terrible state, such as Ratatoskr, Pele, Artio, Terra, Jing Wei, Nike, Osiris, etc. Part of this issue, is that HiRez balances Gods strictly around Conquest, their "Main Mode." The funny thing is, most people don't play Conquest, they play Arena, and Assault. To this end, the game is unbalanced, severely. You jump into an Assault, which is a 5v5 with Random Gods across the board, and you fight an Ah Puch, you're basically screwed. He can keep more pressure on you, than most players can get around. If your team doesn't get a Mage, you're basically screwed. Gods like Pele, are fantastic, IN CONQUEST. She's designed to be a Jungler, and is the current best Jungler out. That being said, on ANY OTHER mode besides Conquest, she's utter trash. This is part of a major problem for Smite, balancing the game for a mode that most people don't play (As admitted too by HiRez Execs) DOESN'T WORK. It leads to people quitting due to frustration, when all they want to do, is play the damned game, and have fun, which is what games are supposed to be.Smite is literally FLOODED with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t cosmetics, that do nothing but take space in chests, to prevent you from actually getting the Skin you want. You have    1 God skins    2 Ward skins    3 Avatars    4 Loading frames    5 Pedestals    6 Social emotes    7 Recall skins    8 HUD themes    9 Loading screen backgrounds    10 Jump stamps    11 Fountain skins    12 Level-Up skins    13 Death marks    14 Titles    15 Music themes    16 Announcer packs    17 VGS voice packsAnd you can bet your♥♥♥♥♥that all of these are filled the the brim with absolute trash that you don't want, but is just there as filler for chests. HiRez is incredibly greedy, and literally throws cosmetics in the way, to make you spend more Gems(Real world money) on♥♥♥♥♥♥you don't want, just so you can MAYBE get the skin you want. I can't prove it, but I'm certain that Chests are rigged, so you only get the "good skins" at the end of the chests. To put it simply, if you pay 200 Gems for one Chest rolls, you'll most likely get♥♥♥♥♥♥ And seeing as there are mostly 55 Items in one Chest, you're going to be shelling out a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of money just to MAYBE get the skin you want. This needs to be changed. The sheer GREED of Hirez shows in literally everything they do. These are only a FEW of the problems: There are so many bugs, and issues in this game, it's absolutely insane. In it's current state, I would NOT recommend ANYONE plays this, unless you're interested in sub-par games, and shoddy matches. #MiserySimulator2018
Grinding, flaws in graphics and settings,♥♥♥♥♥♥players bashing on teammates and the everlasting promis of boats what will never come... Not to mention the freakin out of the firewall and installing of useless launchers that stay well hidden even after uninstalling. I even had other games freak out with saving and loading cause i installed this one...
Early Access ReviewIf I could turn back time... Back to the good old days..... Seriously. The game used to BE AMAZING. the community was wonderful, i had some really cool machines it was fun, easy to play, learn and be creative. I even spent some money and laughed and laughed and has so much fun. This was the game i used to always play. Now everything fun i can remember is gone. The balance, its pay to win, it was so cooooool. I even buil a really fast flyer thats now trash... I mean come on. It's no longer creatively make a cool robot yourself its buy a bunch of stuff and do what everyone else is doing. Used to be fun but now...... I just cant' man. Maybe a bit too "polished" sorry i cant grind your game for hours a day im an A student so i have other things to do i mean the game is free but the price you pay is in time, frustration, and regret. Hope this helped you man. Edit: I remember once i even mad a cool robot wolf flying healer thing and floating thingies that looked like easter eggs that were snipers and robots that i made to just smash into some one with the sword things you could put on the end that woud slice stuff up. Now all i can do is jump on the bandwagon or get left behind. Instead of all those good vets and nice people, its all just whiny kids and russians. When i played, every match people were cracking jokes in the chat and saying GLHF EVERY GAME!!! Now its just several kids who have spent money on the game whining because they suck and chewing people out which sucks and then other kids doing the same thing in russian. AND IM NOT TALKING ABOUT THE CRATES!! I CANT EVEN BEGIN TO DESCRIBE TO YOU THE PAIN THAT BRINGS ME. JUST NO. IM UNINSTALLING YOU SQEAKY KIDS CAN RULE THE GAME FOR ALL I CARE ITS DEAD ANYWAYS.
Early Access ReviewLoading screen simulator teamed up with queueing simulator and decided to hire that one guy from babelfish too. You have become 10 level!On a more serious note if you thought Revelation online had poor localization this game asks you to hold its beer. Spending a vast majority of the time trying to even get the game to even run past the splash screen, then trying to actually get into the game, THEN fighting past the performance issues...you may eventually end up being just as confused as me when you even attempt to read your skill descriptions. When you end up playing a game and just pushing buttons to see what happens, not even wanting to look at your skill tooltips in order to avoid being even more confused than before, you kind of know something is wrong. I'd wager the English patch for the Japanese version is more localized than this hot mess.Edit for clarity: I put in for a refund. Avoid until the game is patched up with actual english translations and better optimization, if that even happens.
TLDR: get it on your phone instead, this is a straight mobile port and makes for a terrible PC gaming experience.I spent hundreds of hours playing this game as an interesting/ fun diversion on my phone, however it doesn't translate to the PC well at all. The mechanics are based around the idea that you can pick it up for a couple of minutes every few hours, but not really intended for anything more than a few clicks here and there; which doesn't hold up on an actual gaming machine.They could have done something very interesting with the gameplay, perhaps making the quests from the overseer offices more in depth (with mouse and keyboard controls, why continue to limit the controls/mechanics to "drag character to next room" "drag to target enemy"), or they could have had interesting turn-based/strategic elements; but instead it seems like no effort has been put into making this game anything other than a mobile port and another opportunity to double down on the micro-transaction income.I really hope they invest some time and effort on making this a more interesting experience on the PC. I've got to say the ratings on Steam seem to be for the phone version of this game, putting little effort into evaluating the PC version.
This game was a terrible, cluttered mess when it first came out. Boring as all hell unless you like grinding. And I dont mean fun grinding, I mean like playing the Cookie Clicker game grinding. It was a mind-numbingly boring timesink at best and a carpal tunnel generator at worst.And now apparently a new developer owns it and its pay-to-win on top of being bad.Apparently it is possible to make a bad game worse. Who knew!
As an Australian player, I have played Trove since before Candy Barbarian came out. Everything was so smooth and great. I came back after a few years, a lot has changed. There is good changes mostly. Although I have the feeling that Trove turned luck into greed when it comes to upgrading/levelling your character classes. They could have handled the world system better but the atlas is a nice touch though but I miss having the random world generated spawning and all that (Haven't tested the worlds when I got back on because I disconnect a lot now). I disconnect a lot more than usual now. If Trove has an oceania server and I was connected to it, then this must be a poor server but if there wasn't, then they should probably have at least one. Just today I have tried going into the coin challenge and I always disconnect which is a downsider because I wanted to see what was the challenge was like.. I assume its similar to super mario and coins spawn to collect? I was in one of my clubs world, and I was building.. Minutes after.. Disconnection. Come on, Trion Worlds.. Do you want me to stay or go? Which one is it? So I believe at this time.. I cannot recommend this to anyone until a server upgrade is made for those who doesn't have fast internet like America or UK or whoever has better internet than Australia. A smooth game = A fun environment. Disconnecting game = Reason to let it go.  For those who can stay connected well and stable enough to play smoothly..  This is a great game to play even if you're not a kid. The game concept is great. As for me, I couldn't.
This is one of the most jewish/chinese games i have ever played. lets realease clones of other games and either charge people for it or just add microtransactions. the worst part is that this game doesn't even work. i can't log in because of my game session is currently active. 10/10 would get anal parkinsons's disease again.
Early Access ReviewGreat game that was COMPLETELY destroyed by Hi-Rez, like all the rest of their games. Somehow people still think Smite is good when they literally just re-skin characters and re-distribute the same 5 skills. SOMEHOW they actually did worse on this game than Smite lol. Straight up removed all the features in Realm Royale that made the game unique, INCLUDING REMOVING CLASSES!!??!!?!?!?!?! What a joke developing studio honestly
Early Access ReviewQuite a fun game, the blocking mechanic seems reeeeeeeeally broken though.Currently not recommending it becuase the blocking mechanics cannot be working correctly. And as blocking is a huge part of the game, it makes it impossible to play at times.Also the drawing of cards (and redrawing) seems off. I can go from getting 5 power cards on starting draw to 1-2 with terrible play cards. I know it can happen sometimes, but it's every time.It could/would be a lot of fun though if/when they get blocking fixed!
To edit:Right now I have about 1,5 million + 4 million on parts in my inventory. I can buy anything I want but it's just not rewarding. The general experience is just crap, cause there barely is one. The mechanics are okay, the visuals could have been nicer. There used to be skill, now it's just noskill spamming. Do youself a favor and don't play this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Used to be really nice but I no longer like it. The many updates ruined this game.-Tech tree (gone)-getting money without having to pay (gone)Introduction to crates: ♥♥♥♥♥♥ loot.---Sucks---
Early Access ReviewThis game is basically pay to win, everything in this game is expensive and when you join a class it costs the same price to re-join it if you leave.When you join a session with tanks prepared to get spawn trapped by tanks because they're insanely OP, also if you enjoy having no control over what you want in game planes, no planes, etc then this game is for you!At the start it is very fun but then it turns to♥♥♥♥♥♥when you face the stronger Soviets and have to play alongside  COD and CS players who only give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about getting kills and don't give a rat's♥♥♥♥♥about the objective.Overall this game will anger you and generally make you want to massacre your entire family while they sleep, burn down the house to dispose of the evidence, say you got out in a hurry when you smelled the smoke, cry fake tears when the insurers come to rule out foul play, and live the rest of your life with a unfertile mother named Margaret and a Priest called Francis.        B/10  so♥♥♥♥♥♥doesn't even deserve a number as a score
A fun game to get into for the air combat. However the ground combat leaves somthing to be desired as you will be constantly 1 shoted. I know that the game is ment to be realistic, however the rendering range for the ground is terable. Air combat is good overall however I would advise you look away from arcade battles and more into realistic. In arcade the person with the most/bigger guns is usually the winner.only other grib with the game is microtansactions and a pay to win modle
Early Access ReviewGreat concept, bad community management, pathetic communication by the dev team, and a laundry list of old bugs that should have been corrected years ago plague an otherwise cool concept.  With each update, experience grinding gets worse and worse, extending the gaps between ranks.  All in all, I can't recommend this title.  It's getting steadily worse instead of better, and the dev team seems to be asleep at the wheel.
Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewOk this game is very good game but it's♥♥♥♥♥♥because this game is P2W ( PAY TO WIN ) so if i get legendary thing from Protonium and it's on premium square so.... -_- when i saw that i think i ununstall this game because if u don't have premium you must have only 4 colors to paint your car, plane or something else but if u have premium u have more than 9 new colors but why why is it for premium which is so expensive for only 9 colors and if u want premium on 1 week u lost more than 10$ i can buy better thing which are unlimited then buy 9♥♥♥♥♥♥colors for 1♥♥♥♥♥♥week !!!!!!! so if u love this game and u hate P2W so don't download it ok not recomendet for u...
Ready to be upset and passive aggressive with your friends/teamates? Want to spend a couple hundred hours just figuring out wtf is going on while getting yelled at? Want soul crushing losses in 1hour plus games  ? Its pretty fun and challenging if you're willing to go down that rabbit hole.
Early Access ReviewThis game is not that fun compared to AQW... 4.3/10 i know that it is still in development but there is just to much bugs. And if you looking for the better version here:http://www.aq.com/play-now/(You will thank me)And yes i have less than a hour becouse i played this on my f2p acc
Early Access ReviewDo not buy this game. No pre download before launch. Black Screens, Long Queue times only to get kicked by Maintance every 2 hours. BAD translation, False advertisement for changes. Still bad tab targetting on classes besides zerker. Game is easier compare to other Regions. NO END GAME CONTENT. theres no arena pvp or battlegrounds. Theres dupes that have not been address or fixed. SUPER LAGGY. The list goes on. Save your money and buy yourself a pizza.
Matchmaking is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Veterans VS noobs.Very pay to win. New players cannot compete with vets.Respawn timer gets longer as more deaths, so losing team is punnished.Placed into squads in battle, can't leave them till it ends and cannot play with another charactor if on is in battle already, so no leaving a battle that is being spawn camped.Paratroopers will spawn camp you, they are endgame lvls.Tanks mostly are useless cause every soldier can solo kill you with AT grenades. Most tanks don't have coaxial for killing infantry.As a tanker, within a min an enemy will drive behind you with a AT rocket and kill u.I keep coming back to this every 6 months, these probs have never been addessed.
Early Access ReviewI got this game at the start of December 2014. At that point in time this game was the best thing I had ever played. Now they decided to put whatever crap they want into the game and It sucks♥♥♥♥♥ I have 300 hours from december 2014 and early 2015. 20 hours after that.
Playing it local with friends is a great thing and fun for hours. Playing it online with random players you almost lose every match because it's so damn pay to win everybody except you get on the field they need...
I pretty much exclusively play the Tanks now, but you'll probably see in many other reviews a common theme: Russian bias. The dev's are so offended by the fact that their technology was far inferior in WWII they feel the need to buff the s h i t out of them to make it "fair". Don't you think it's great when you shoot at something with 45mm of armor, only for your shot to bounce (even though it's rated to penetrate over 100mm)? sure you could argue "sloping armor", but sloping armor only applies when im SHOOTING THEM FROM A POINT WHERE IT ISN'T PERPENDICULAR TO MY SHELL'S TRAJECTORY. It's utter bulls hit, everytime you survive a russian shot, you should put a penny in a jar, that way, in 10 years, you will have 1 penny in a jar. The bias is ridiculous to the extent where the german captured KV-1 (a god d amn russian tank), where the ONLY change the germans made was putting a SUPERIOR GUN on it, will lose in a head-to-head fight with a regular, inferior, russian KV-1. The stats they show on the tanks when you hover your mouse over them may surely well be accurate, but that's just what they SAY the tank's stats are. For russian tanks, you can pretty much reduce the chance of fire to zero, double the armor, increase the penetration, all while nerfing the f uck out of all the other, far better tanks, and then you'll get a taste of that good old War Thunder "Realism". Historically accurate my a$$. Yes, I've had fun with this game, and a majority of that was spent far away from the tank battles so I could shoot down planes. might be fun for a while, but you'll really start to get sick of it pretty quick.
hi, thats thw result when u tread ur grownup cotumers like childreen this auto punishing when u got a verbal fight in a game where u simulated kill peopel makes palyers leave and the buggs greedy business concepts , no one in the real world wants this PC s...t , btw steam isn t any better all got the profanety filters as a feture but its worthless, every grieving whinner gets ppl banned ect ect ect. facit bad games, pc envirement and greedy business practises , are kill the game industrie, and i am fine with it and on top of it, blaming the mixed revews aka the gamers for firing ur stuff , thats taking the cake guys lol
Ok,this game was my addiction for more then 1 month,I was playing this game 9Hours/24(maybe more),it was so fun,but there is a big problem,its kinda p2w,and its realy hard for new players to get used to the game,its a realy fun game with a lot of diverse classes and such,if u have money,go ahead,u can play it without spending any money,but its gonna be tough. The Trove RantPay2Win:(Its not the usual,p2w,but to get somewhere,u gotta pay 30E/$)Now,if u dont get the Essentials Pack,u are ******,that pack is Essential(<--u see what I did there?)it Gives you:-Some Cool Wings(cosmetic)-A Cool Motorcycle(cosmetic)-A Boat and A Sail(The boat has different stats,not the best ones but all boats are different in this game,the sail-cosmetic)-2 Tomes(This are Legendary tomes,can be *actived* once a week,they are just OP,one gives you 100 Clovers for gems,and its A LOT,and the other one gives you 50,maybe less I am not sure,dragon coins,used to craft dragons. The tomes are just op,u can get them in game if I u buy them from the action house with a lot of flux,flux is the in-game curency)-15 days of Patron(I will get to that later)-10 class coins(and insane amount of coins,they are used to unlock classes,u get get them by buying this pack,Trove Streams and by buying them with flux)-20,000 Cubits(-_-,for real? 20000 is just insane,a normal player has to play 40 days to get them and one that has patron about 14 days)And some other stuff,thats not important.Why did I say its not a typical pay2win?before this Essentials pack there was a pack called the Power pack,it was nah...but it was 20E/$,check what they did:*****If you previously picked up the Power Pack you’ll also have the extra loot from this pack unlocked on your account automatically*****This is amazing,but u still had to pay them 20E,if u pay 30E now,u can have a good journey,if u dont,its gonna be quite hard PatronThis is what Patron gives you:*50% XP boost*+5 Jumps*It doubles your Magic Find(the More MF u have the better loot u get,its game is about Grinding,its RNG,and this Bonus MF,is just OP)*4 Chaos Chest per day*+2 Flasks*U mine faster*U craft faster*More PvP stuff*And something with gems(my bad idk what it is)Its awesome right?now how do u get this?U buy it with IRL money 7E per 15 days and 14E for 1 month or u buy it with 300k FLUX! its just too much(this price was set by players,to be able to sell it,u gotta buy it from the shop for about 20E,its a different type of Patron,a tradeble one,and then sell it,and omg 300k flux its a lot)*****And thats the p2w aspect of the game,thats the only bad thing in my opinion,and maybe too much RNG but thats fun***** Cons-p2w Pros-Fun-Classes are all different and fun-Grinding is awesome-The support for the game is amazing,the live chat is instant and its realy helful,they know how to do their job(not like Cryteks support)-Addicting-Its hard but its rewarding,when u get the gem from 20 to 21,u feel like god among us-New content is added every week-They realy care about players opinion,they make QNA streams where they give items to playersAnd this was my review,hope u liked it,EVEN IF U DONT WANT TO PUT SOME MONEY IN THIS GAME TRY IT,BUT ITS GONNA BE HARD,I DONT RECOMAND IT IF U DONT WANT TO SPEND ABOUT 30E AND 14ExMONTH.Its a realy good game but Micro Transactions Ruin it
Early Access ReviewWas fun until they blew it. First they got my money for one game and then on a single Monday night turned it into an entirely different game. Probably done with Hi-Rez.
Early Access ReviewThis game good, but it's incredible time consuming. Unless you are ok with paying money, be prepared to grind for 30 hours to get that gun you want. I've played many happy hours in this game but it just takes so long to unlock and upgrade anything good.
Early Access ReviewThe Asia server is literally dead. Even in 9pm (China Standard Time) and we entered the duo queue for like 20 minutes. Still no match found.Ah, btw, the balancing patches are♥♥♥♥♥♥Fun game though.
Personally, I didn't enjoy this game. Rather, it was more of a pain to play than fun. When I disassembled the AK-47 and M1911, they were so cool and very introcate. I enjoyed that bit, but then they introduced this EXP system where I had to earn EXP by doing moreâ™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥with the guns I've already destroyed. Then on top of that, there's literally banners featuring their DLC for this game. At first, I thought I'd give this EXP system a go, but then it instantly backfired on me because the tutorial was forcing me to do "games" with said AK-47 where I'd have to COMPLETELY disassemble the ENTIRE weapon as fast as I could with no hints. Must I remind you that this was litearlly no more than 30 minutes of gameplay before they instantly expected me to remember how to completely disassemble the weapon and do it as fast as possible. This was just a nightmare for me because they added in EVEN MORE PARTS TO DISASSEMBLE, WHICH MADE ME EVEN MORE CONFUSED. Oh, and did I mention that the AK-47 is a â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ to disassemble? If it were with the pistol, I would have been A LOT more comfortable, but no, they just HAD to stick me with the hardest weapon in the game to disassemble.Look, if you're a guns expert and are too poor to buy real games on Steam, then this is the PERFECT game for you. If you're a casual gamer who knows a FEW things about guns, then no, go away, you're going to have a â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing brain injury before you're done finishing this game. Maybe it's because I'm impatient, but I'd rather have every single weapon there and already unlocked so that I could just shoot them, disassemble them, play with them on the fly instead of going through their 10 hour long tutorial and having to waste even more time on the exact same weapons that I've already got done with just to unlock more weapons.
WTF Dota 2 has become like LOL. This update makes the game sucks. Please Valve, I want my old Dota 2 back as soon as possible. Many people stop playing Dota 2 because of this update.
It's a polished collectable card game that has something to do with the Elder Scrolls world.After hitting my head repeatedly against Chapter 20 of the story mode content I've been reminded why I don't like card games. The earlier 19 chapters weren't all bad.If you can get past the RNG inherent in the design of the genre, you might enjoy it.
Pay to win game. Almost bareable if you are able to look past the painfully slow progression of stats encouraging you to pay hundreds to get anywhere, the high levels that spawn camp lower levels and are rewarded, being killed by a literal single bullet in a heavy bomber, the repulsive lack of gunner skill even at max level, and the whining adults in chat.
Too long to load for start, every time need load online to play.Why an idle game must keep online to play? Stupid.Flash base, high CPU usage, not good.Only one BGM loop, boried, too bad.Team formation, creative, good. It will waste your money very fast!Still update, over 1 year, not bad. WHAT? Beta over 1 year? Are you chinese?THANK YOU FOR WATCHING!
13 minutes! DELETED. quickest revolt ever!there is NOTHING more "entertaining" than being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ed by a tutorial.What ever happened to "exploring" a new game?, what ever happened to options? fallout 4 already left me verry disappointed. and after enduring skyrim, Bethesda has found it's way onto my black list where all things die ( shame too, Doom is one of my life long favorities.. but WTF is ID doing rooting the game killer?)oh well, such a small thing dittered me and I've found gaming of late so dismal that I BOUGHT MYSELF A BOAT! I don't even fish, nor eat fish, but I JUST LOVE EXPLORING♥♥♥♥♥♥.  Unlike this (and many newer games) forcing you to be it's ♥♥♥♥♥.
I attemped 2 races and both times I failed because of the controls. It is all left or all right, full throttle or none at all. Might have better luck with a pc compatable controller.
This game is not good. I played this game and I sat around looking for animals and even when I found one some random dude would say "WAIT !! You cant shoot that! You dont have a license for it!" And sometimes I would find bunnies that when I shoot them got to do nothing with at all. All I got to do was stare at its dead body laying in grass. I mean sure its realistic and all but you also have to pay EXTREME amounts of money just to have fun. Pretty much this is what you do in the F2P version: Start at a chosen camp. Look around the world and look at beautiful empty woods/forests/swamps. Next thing you know is that you find some poop laying on the floor and some deer tracks. Follow the tracks. Find the deer and watch it either run away in fear or just point your gun at it and listen to some random dude say you dont have a license for that! This game is a waste of time and memory and just plain god awful and boring. It would be more fun playing a ♥♥♥♥ing fishing simulator then playing this!!!!
Early Access ReviewIt is a f2p game after all, but getting right to the point, its all bull****, and i wouldnt bother downlaoding it. All the devs want is your money, and the game is centered around the 'pay to win' idea. ive played more than a few rounds only to find myself running around in what seems like DayZ gameplay and getting killed by the players who have bought thier way to win. Not excited about the new squad update either. I honestly cant find anything going for this game other than its a f2p. Other than that, i would recommend saving your money to get somthing worth your time.
Wow, that was a bad experience. The interface is confusing, the race modes are all locked unless you pay for them, and the controls are the worst I've ever seen. I've raced before, in real life, and it is nothing like this. This one needs an overhaul.
Early Access ReviewThe writing is on the wallA Terrible launch state (Poor Optimization, no endgame, Stupid balance decisions, broken promises) has understandably angered Bless's initial investors, with a good proportion deciding to refund the game in the first week. Bless's reputation has been permanently ruined, and the negative press surrounding the game will deter additional people investing the time/money into a "flawed" game. This will stagnate the player base relatively quickly, and with it, the death of the game.I predict Bless will release as a free to play game following its early access period (in 6 - 12 months’ time) in order to renew interest in Bless and bumping up the population. If by then the developers can fix its numerous issues, then who knows, it could rise from the ashes and succeed but right now I cannot recommend, hold on to your money and invest your time into one of the vast selection of already polished MMOs already out there. Just keep an eye on Bless and its development as it does show promise.
Early Access ReviewIt just isn't fun. The game is balanced, the animations are there. It just isn’t fun. There is no style or life to the game. There isn't a high-quality community to help new player, and the game has a lot of little quirks. They say the quirks are DEEP and interesting game rules. The problem is they never explain what is a rule, and what just looks like a bug. Very complicated, and even after you do all the learning, you are left with a game that is just mediocre at best.
this game is 100% + for how realistic but not easy at all and very annoying and maybe only 80% helpful tips. i couldnt pass the 1st training at takeoff my plane did a barrel-roll as soon as it lifted off
Everyone of yall, dislike the sh*t out that mf trove game,all i said i sucked di*k for hobby and mfs in the game makin a fool outa me yo, it aint gay suckin di*k, even says in the bible "suck thy di*k". man i miss back in prison yall, we used to share each othas a*s know wa mean? I aint gay, but i would suck a nig*as di*k. If yall keep talkin to me like that, promis u dawg, yall gonna get your di*k sucked,Imma put it in the bowl o salad and toss it around and suck that di*k. Look, yall can call me gay much as yall want but yall know ya gon get yo a*s beat and toes sucked. cuz i dont play dat sh*t. if i aint gay, i aint gay.
Early Access Reviewthe footsteps in this game are complete garbage half the time when you move left or right you can hear that and when someone is running at you, you can barley hear them but only can hear your self would not reconmend this game
I have played this game for five years, and i must say to never ever download this game. Ever since more premium vehicles have been added gaijin seems to only care about money. Not only is the community of this game actually garbage, but they seem to only focus on certain tech trees and pertain to buffing them at all costs. Recently in update 1.79 gaijin seemed to have added more prmium vehicles and interesting armor features. The intelligent members of the community saw this as a money grab and a distraction for the lemmings in the community. Rather than fix in game issues gaijin added a shiny new vehicle and some "cool" features deriving from the much needed balencing issues and the other numerous issues this game is plagued with. Basically putting a nice finish on a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Four years ago I chose the soviet union for ground realistic battles. I had been grinding on the tech tree up until today 6/13/18 when I discovered something horrid. The object 906 had been moved to 8.0. Incase who ever is reading this does not know, The object 906 is a modification to the pt-76 made by the soviet union in 1963 in order to modernize it. In game it has an Armor Piercing Capped Balistic Capped shell that has decent if not good performance and a good High Explosive Anti Tank shell. The only issue is the battle rating. At the battle rating of 8.0 the 906 goes against vehicles such as the leopard 1, the leopard a1a1 (with apds), the cheiftan mk3, the STB 1, and the american tanks which are of no issue. With all of these excellente vehicles combined it equals a bad time for the 906 which can barely pen all of these vehicles and has a 12k repair cost in in game currency and a heaty heat shell expense. The icing on all of this is the fact that the Battle rating before (7.3) was perfect for the tank. Not only was it the only playable tank at that battle rating but it fought tanks that were in the same class at the same time. The only issue was the fact that a down tier would cause a massive problem as it out classed everything at 6.7. 7.7 was if not the perfect battle rating had the leopard not had the ability to instantly kill the 906 with heat because of hull break (yet another issue this game has). I have spent four years of my life for a tank that is completly useless. AVOID this game if you value your time and money.
I cannot reccomend this game in it's current state. This game is pretty dead by now. I used to play it since the launch, I do not have many hours on this game because I forgot about this game for a while. If you're playing Survival on your own, heh.. good luck, if you find one CASUAL zombie you'll most likely have to punch the zombie for 1-2 minutes just to kill one zombie. Same goes for any bats you find. I literally shot a casual zombie with m4a1 and I wasted my entire mag on it. I didn't miss a single shot, or if I did, it was only once or twice.You'll also find people in squads and pretty much they'll end you as soon as they see you, or you'll be sniped out of nowhere, like PUBG.Also, good luck trying to find food/drinks, it may be one in a hundred, even in a city.
I have never played a racing game with the word "sim" in it, that is so bad.Traction, braking, and steering/handling physics are terrible. Cars seem to always steer right for some reason, and the handbrake doesnt work. Then there is the elephant in the room. Lack of content. 6 tracksand 10 cars? come on. to have to pay ridiculous money for new tracks and cars, i makes this already below par game so much more unappealing. -4/10
Early Access ReviewI wouldn't recommend this game right now because: -You have to pay for an Alpha version of a game with $30 being the lowest. -Terrible optimisation to the point that you have to change things by yourself in the ini files. -Terrible translations even in the tutorial zones. When I say terrible I mean a lot of skill tooltips don't even make sense and make you more confused than you already are. It just feels like they threw korean on google translator and then they just copy/pasted the results into the game. -Character creation locks within 8 hours of headstart due to the devs not being prepared(started with only 1 server per region) resulting to alot of people not being able to play with their friends or join the guilds they already joined on discord or other mediums before the launch. The game as it is right now is definitely not worth the money it asks for. What we got right now is a really lazy global version with minimum effort on quality, tons of bugs(as expected from a EA game) and almost no endgame, since a lot of content is missing. If you really want to play the game i would recommend you to wait until EA is over and check on it again then.
my not recomending this game is based solely on the fact that when i played it, i liked it but now it feels like the makers are trying too hard to get more $$$. This is one of the many games i have seen that was really good when it was simple, but started to become less and less fun as it's creators became more greedy. I now regret spending ten bucks on this free to play game.BTW one of the prime examples of games that were fun but now are not that good is a game for mobile devices called "Pixel Gun" along with other games like "Stranded Deep"
I spent most of my time just trying to get into a game, then when I was in the game every single animal I was finding I needed a licence for. This game is just awful don't bother playing.
Valve ignores their community entirely.Oh, Heavy is underpowered? His bullet travels 3 feet and then becomes useless? Let's nerf him again!The Phlog is causing a problem? Let's buff it into the heavens!Wow, those are some nice custom weapon skins! Don't mind the amount of work the user did on it! Let's ignore it all!Should we test the update before we launch it? Nah. That'll fix itself.The prices on the TF Market are too high? Who cares! If it gives us money, we're happy.People are outrageous about the matchmaking, saying that one team is filled with F2P gibuses and the other team is with P2P's with thousands of hours! Should we add some kind of balancing/rank system? Naaah, unbalance is fun!Hey, let's put the weakest character in the game (Heavy) against one of the high tier ones (Pyro) and see who people like better! That way we can nerf Heavy even more and make Pyro even stronger! It's balanced, right?People are saying that the VAC system sucks, since it takes 3 weeks - 2 months for a single hacker to get banned and sometimes it doesn't even work... Should we add a new system? Nah, the hacker get banned eventually so it doesn't matter.The community is demanding more weapons from us. Let's add pointless reskins instead!You need to stop right now. Look at you, sitting in front of your computers, with cheetos and money all over your shirt! Valve, you're dirt to me! Stopping the development of games and doing nothing about CS:GO was painful to me, but ruining this game was the last straw. IT'S TIME TO STOP.
Time to make a new review.It will be a negative review while at first it was a positive review.Aggro is like Hearthstone at the moment and this wouldn't be bad if Aegis didnt exist.Aegis simply needs to go and with patch we get more aggressive units with Aegis.Remove Aegis or give us AAAAAAAAA LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT of cards that can by pass Aegis like the new Vara.This game became garbage like Hearthstone only because of Aegis.Also Stand Together needs to be nerfed from 3 mana to 4 mana.The card is insane at 3 mana.
Do not play this game. I have sunk enough money and time into it to know it is not worth it. The game is extremely unbalanced, Air Battles are completly broken since Gaijin has been ignoring them for a good 3 years or more and the newly introduced Naval Battles are completly boring and unbalanced.Russian Bias has been a meme in this community for a long time, but other than the "Git Gud" arguments thrown about by people who deny it, there is no proof of Gaijin not buffing Russian Vehicles to become overpowered killing machines. Gaijin is known to censor its community and has already lost much of its support.Looking at the other negative reviews on this game you'll start to notice that most of them are written by people who have more than 1000 Hours in this game and this really speaks for it self. Gaijin has managed to ♥♥♥♥ over and completly insult the playerbase that has been giving them money and support for 6 years now, and yet there still is a fringe minority of extremely toxic players who defend this game (look at the comments in some of the negative reviews and you'll see what i mean). Why is it, that Gaijin still fails to realize their game is in a downward spiral? Adding new vehicles, while neglecting previously implemented ones, which desperately need fixing, is not a way to improve gameplay, but to increase revenue.In the 670 hours i've played, I only managed to unlock 2 Jet fighters in the german tech tree (One of which is the HE-162, which is so terrible it might qualify as the worst plane in the game), and a few Tier 4 tanks for the Germans and Russians (keep in mind I also paid about 50€ for this game, so I hope this shows how grindy this game is), and I can safely say that I am pretty familiar with the gameplay, which is so repetitive and boring, that I wonder why I even spent so much time on this game in the first place. Almost none of the Planes in this game actually perform like their real world counterparts, which would be fine if Gaijin didn't constantly propagate their focus on historical accuracy. American 50. Cals are ridiculously OP and have been for a long time in Air Battles, while german Machinecannons are absolutely useless in higher tiers, also the Yak-9T is ridiculously precise and one shots nearly every plane in its BR (Sometimes even bombers).Ground vehicles are a similar story when it comes to underpowered and overpowered armaments. The German 88s sometimes fail to pen even japanese tanks at close range while russian tanks used to (I dont know if it still is the case) benefit from a greatly increased chance to start a fire or to ammo rack an opponent, which had been proven after some people data mined the game files. There also is the T-34 meme going around, because that tank is basically a ♥♥♥♥ing Tiger on steroids in this game, but even worse are all of the IS tanks, which are basically impossible to pen (when playing them I rarely had to worry about engaging an enemy at any range), and can kill almost all tanks in their respective BR with ease.The remaining community War Thunder still has is composed of people who either hate the game but cant quit, or people who are hopelessly defending Gaijins despicable acts as a company (Threatening Critics and Players, and openly mocking their own supporters) while deliberately ignoring all the shortcomings of this by now terrible game.Lastly I want to touch on the Gaijin.net agent which is basically spyware that reinstalls itself even if you set your settings so that it shouldn't. It also doesnt uninstall when you uninstall the game so you need to manually delete it. Gaijin purposefully hides this from its customers, because most of them dont seem to care about their own rights to privacy and choice.TLDR: This game is terrible, and the developers are even worse. DONT PLAY IT♥♥♥♥ Gaijin
Early Access ReviewAs of late this game has become cancerous, horrible, terrible, absolutely crap. Ill be talking about some major points.1: Weapons2: Types of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t bots3: Rewards after each match4: The matching system5: Removed tech tree6: Pilot Seat Removed1: WeaponsThere are 3 major weapons I want to talk about. A: The worst one of them all, the Rocket Launcher B: Anti-air C: Shotguns.A: Rocket launchers are the worst, they are also the most expensive. To use them you lock onto a target and fire away, one volley should more or less kill anything, if not kill it, incapacitate it or heavily damage it unless target does evasive movements, which is just spamming all your movement buttons trying to get to cover. One rocket does 40700 damage, and you fire roughly 12 per volley. It can be placed on anything, tanks, mechs, crawlers and even helicopters, worst thing about them being on helis is that you cant get to cover because they just fly above you and they are hard to hit unless you have anti-air. Basically, these guns require no skill what so ever to use, they seem like a lot but in hind sight, they are very very easy to get, a few days of playing, maybe a week of saving up and you can get one.B: Anti-Air guns, Flak cannons. THey are absolute cancer when it comes to ANYTHING that flies or hovers. They detonate when they come close to a flying thing, you don't even have to be flying, just in the air, so this counts for Mechs who jump or Crawlers who jump too. They cost the LEAST and have the same explosive radius as the strongest Plasma Cannons, which is horse crap. They do 31710 damage each shot but cripple any fliers there are. Some people have both this and a rocket launcher on their ship making it the worst thing in existance to planes and helis.C: Shotguns. THese things arent too bad, they do jack all if you are any further than about 50 yards. They can only be shot 4 times before all your energy is drained and you gotta wait but normally if you get close enough, thats enough to kill anything. THey do the most damage with a shocking 225000 per hit, but that drops durastically as the range increases. They are strong too, with 110618 health, they can take quite a beating.2: Bots. There are several kinds of bots that are just horrible to fight against. A: Mechs B: Box Fliers C: Helis with rockets A: Mechs are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. THey have the most health they already come with shields on their legs, they can jump and are relitively fast. The most common mech is one with shotguns or any other god/cancer gun supported by normally the strongest smgs or plasma cannons in the game. These bots are able to take on any other bot and win pretty much, they jump aroudn and get close to you before using their shotgun to wipe the floor with you, or they use their other cancer guns on you. You can kill them if you have a buddy or if you can manage to take out the mechs guns or legs. You can have LITTERALLY everything at the front in one place, gravity doesnt exist for them, it can be as high as the effiel ♥♥♥♥ing tower and have two piddly little legs and it wouldnt matter, it would walk fine, jump fine, fight fine. If you put Pilots Seats back, it would make Mechs a lot harder to build and use.B: Box fliers. These things are the absolute worst. They dont have wings or heli blades, just thrusters, the way that they are built means its hard to actually kill them or deal sufficiant damage in big doses unless you are right up close to them or you have a shotgun. They do require a sliver of skill to fly and handle but even then it doesnt matter, spend a couple match and you will be flying it well.C: Helis with Rockets. These things are the absolute worst, unless you ahve a rocket or anti-air on your team, you are screwed, this thing is able to fly just to the end of your render distance and fire rockets at you, its hard to get cover as they can just fly over it, normally supported by Plasma Cannons or sometimes SMGs, these things are horrible to deal with.3: Rewards. Ok so, the rewards are pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, its chance. You could do the best in the team but get the worst rewards due to luck, you get items now which is annoying kind of, anyone can get anything, a new player could get a shotgun or a rocket lancher. But if you get it, yaaay. You dont get enough money from rewards though, normally. I prefered it when it was money you got from rewards, made it so much better.4: Matching system. They have always had issues with this, if you have a bot with 1000 Pflops, you get put in a game with people that have 1000 Pflops, but some people have no soul and are probably bullies irl or have some sort of issue as they go into those matchs with small ships with rediculously op guns and armour.5: Tech tree was removed, bad move, now anyone can buy the really strong guns if they save up enough. A new player could buy the second strongest Plasma Cannon with ease, same with the SMG. Then refere to the Matching System above6: Pilot Seat Removed: Naah mate, thats silly, having the pilot seat was good because it made people armour up around the seat the most, it made people actually think about how best to make the craft to protect the pilot AND give it the best fire power possible AND it gave people the ability to think about where to shoot the bot, where you thinking the seat is to kill them most efficiently, the only bad thing was you could get ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t one shot.Some people are complaining about the fact that you can have 5 different types of guns on your ship, i agree in some ways but at the same time i think it was needed, sometimes a guy with only plasma cannons cant defend himself against a flier. If a Plasma Cannon user came up against an SMG user, he'd pretty much lose in most scenarios because he'd have his guns shot off, the SMGs could get shot off too but you normally run out of energy before you can do that, but if you have at least some smgs you can put up a slightly better fight. I think maybe reduce it to 3 and have cancer/god guns take up all three of thoseSummary: Anything that flies is NEXT TO ♥♥♥♥ING USELESS! Rockets need to be removed or nerfed a bunch, Flak need to cost more and have a reduced explosion size, shotguns, meh, their fine, Box fliers need to be stopped somehow as they are over powered. Mechs need a nerf too. If you use a cancer/god gun you should be put into matchs with other people who have the same god guns. The Matching system needs to be fixed and the reward system needs to be fixed aswell.
at start it really fun until you find yourself with no roll button.too many bug and when the time runs out, supposedly, the bigger one wins but here the bigger one lose (experienced it myself, my team have bigger score but still losing).I don't recommend this game. and like other review say, your luck plays the main role here.
Early Access Reviewthis game is more unfair than csgo when i played i hit people many times in the head and squat diddly nothing happend then i get â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ing masecerd by a shot 1 shot
World of Tanks Blitz is a mobile free-to-play team-based MMO action game dedicated to fierce tank combat. Available both on smartphones and tablets, the game puts a mobile twist on traditional dynamic online tank combat.The game looks pretty nice with graphics, and doesn’t really requires a high-end PC unlike War Thuder, making it a perfect option for players with worse PC’s.The only problem with the game is that it’s tank mechanics aren’t super realistic, doesn’t even makes sense sometimes. The first drawback is that the tanks have HP bars, and to destory a tank, you need to first drain all their HP, the case is that, sometimes it will be frustrating, as sometimes a tank with super low HP will kill you, but in reality that tank would probably stop working after taking many hits. The other unrealistic mechanic is the enemy spotting mechanic, now when you are driving around when you get closer to an enemy, you will instantly be notified, and will see which tank the enemy is, their HP and pretty much everything else. This pretty much ruins the ability of ambushing, or hiding, you will sometimes also face an frustrating problem when you have spotted an enemy that is far away and when they move slightly back then you will not see the enemy. Besides that the game being free-to-play it has a lot of in-game purchases, it’s not really a pay-to-win game as with cash you can only get better tanks and a better crew, although when you get a better tank you get matched against other users with better tanks. The game also sometimes holds events but free users can’t grab anything from, you need to pay if you actually want something from it.So in conclusion, I just didn’t liked it, I’m not saying it’s bad, it's just not too enjoyable
Waste of time, money and if u are new to the game it will be a horror for u, from beign yelled by 4 smurfs to beign reported and spending time in low priority with people broken mentaly.It's really no fun when you play a game for 8 k hours , and u gotta listen to people with 100 wins, unless u want to be reported for no matter the reason , cuz the system is broken and valve doesn't care , they are lazy cheezy bastards swimming in your cash , and even if u ll cry numerous times on forums to fix their♥♥♥♥♥♥ they will ignore u , and send their dogs after u to troll u and prove that you're wrong even when you're right .At some point it's like playing chess with a pigeon , and u already know the outcome, because the joke is old . I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone , it was a great game back in the old days, but now its just a money making mashine .
Early Access ReviewFreejam has continiously shown that they have no vision for this game and don't know what they're doing.  They're blatantly ignoring the majority of player feedback and stubbornly continue to stick to updates no one enjoys or wanted in the first place.   They remove large pieces of content on a whim ( Megabots+2 gamemodes ) and the F2P model has gotten greedier and greedier as time went on.  Furthermore they've changed their payment model, but if you purchased items with real money that are now available with in game currency, you where never refunded for them, wow!  Crate rewards are far too low and we need to be rewarded more, especially in deathmatch, and the losing team is always screwed over with a crap crate even if they individually performed very well.Freejam seems to believe that it should take hundreds of hours to get to any sort of endgame, so if you're fairly casual, this game simply isn't for you.
Early Access ReviewThe game was a lot better back in 2014 but the development team are amatuers at best. Failure to learn from their mistakes (and there are many) which has been proven again and again over the 2 years of updates I've suffered playing this game.Match Making is appaulling and punishes new players and skllled players. The outcome of most games is decided before you start the match which is such poor game design. The problem arose when they lost most of their players with an update back in 2015 (Battle Arena Update) which broke the game (Overclocking mechanic) and reduced the playerbase to a point they started throwing everyone together to speed up the queue times. The removal of tiers was never replaced by a better system, just the same system with more spread on the players it matched together. This relates to the poor match making.Mega Bots were added then removed when they lost interest in developing them. Mega weapons were kept and now present a game balance issue the developers lask the skill to resolve.Failure to add key features for the community like Clans (This could make the game if they bothered to implement it)They treat the players/customers with little consideration when they release major changes. Often these are filled with new bugs and design flaws.They only care about new players who spend real money. Membership exists but it offers such poor value I suspect a smaller than normal percentage of the playerbase has taken up the offer.  If you spend real money on this game be warned anything you buy could be changed from the point of purchase as they change the mechanics of this game at least once a year. Spend only to support the development team who endless changes things and keep the game in Alpha development to excuse them from any real accountibility.The most recent update changed the ingame economy to be primary controlled by opening crates which contain a random item. The items can be converted into ingame currency for a fraction of its price. Effectively you can grind the free to play model, convert the items into currency and progress at a very slow rate or buy the new crates/items for real money at extortionate rates. They have realised only new players spend money on their game so this model maximises what a new player needs to spend if they actually what to compete in the games matched against the vetern players. This game is now looking more like 'free to install' and 'pay to compete'
Early Access ReviewOnec it was a good game i think i played enough of it to know it. You needed to lear the game to move forvard ant to lv up.Now you only need to invest money. With the most reacent update they introduced the creats. The only good part is that you can invest even more money.Well played
Thank you for reading this.This is how I lost my faith in humanityThis is how I think what's DotA2 in many people's eyesIt's ALWAYS happening in every one or two gamesBlame your support âœ“Blame your carry âœ“Blame your teammate if you're losing âœ“Blame your enemy if your teammates are your friends âœ“Pause then unpause automatically âœ“Boast when you're winning even if you're feeding the entire time âœ“EZ  âœ“I know it's not anyone's fault it's like thisBut Valve please?Can you fix the community?Give them something harsh punishmentThis kind of things are just like cyberbullying.. Made someone depressedI know I know it's just a "game" right?But you can see the effects for the peopleThey're unleashing negative energy to other people so they can unleash it to other people again until this community became the most Toxic communityI mean seriously 10 years ago, DotA community just not that bad.. It's friendly in fact!Maybe it's because everyone's learning? And trying to learn together is fun? Teaching one and another, made a DotA's friendly communityBut now the community, almost made everyone sick of itValve, please give them a proper & harsh punishment so they won't repeat their wrongdoing again & againI just saw too many wrong things, but no proper responses from ValveI know Valve just want to make money and more moneyBut please.. Can't you at least give some attention to your games?I know Valve can't count until 3, so this will be the last gameAt least make it a good memory for all the playersHere's a very simple thing for example, HAVE YOU EVER HEARD "Thank you" truly from their heart?"Thank you for supporting us""Thank you for carrying us""Thank you for hanging in there""Thank you for handling the mid nicely""Thank you for buying us wards & courier""Thank you for teaching me where I did wrong"Or something like thatIt's ok everyone's fail at one timeNot everyone's perfect"You're doing a good job!"Have you ever done that?Have you ever heard that?No?Well that's Dota 2 community for youDid you imagine how Dota 2 is now if all of people that playing Dota 2 have done that?At least more enjoyable to play.. right?Well reality is cruelIf you want to start play this game I don't recommend it playing with peopleI don't even recommend to play this game with your friends.. It's bad enough that it'll make you lost your friends... (or is it a good thing because you'll know they're fake friends or not?)Most of them are bad people, don't have manner or even humanityYou can play it with bots though, they're more encouraging & friendlier to newbie playersPlease for your sakeStay away from this gameEspecially from the community 
Early Access ReviewSo I had to change my original review, right now I am not recommending a game that was once great, The problem? EPIC LOOT. Really like, if I want to have more pieces to keep building I either have to pla a match to get las 20 random pieces, which where no the ones I needed, or I can sell the ones I already have like... wait, wasn't I going to use those pieces to BUILD? If you get to be in the first position at the end of the match great for you, hey you get a rare loot, but what about tge people who do not care for the first places and just wanted to have some fun? So this was just my opinion, I will say good bye to robocraft for a while, have fun guys. Just got rid of it, back to war thunder
Early Access ReviewSo much potential, combat feels fun and fluid, but amidst all the imbalances to class strengths, and the lack of end game content, the player base has died.Pros:Devs have been active in communicating; Massive world with so much potential for contentCons:Lack of end gameBugsMarket is a shamble
Early Access ReviewPoor MTG and Hearthstone rip-off with an emphasis on a draft environment that is as shallow as a kiddie-pool. Skip this one, and stay playing MTG. This is just a bad bad bad bad game.
its a free game...there is no real strategy to this game... its completely mindless... there is no plot,  nothing happens... i played the game for a few days to set up a vault...that was a little bit cool... i love all the fallout mythology... but they really sold out here.  they put no effort into this.  they could have made this awesome.  but i feel like they chose not to.. i feel like they are closing down the fallout series. fallout 3 new vegas is my favorite game of all time... and this is like a parody of a rip off of a defective version of that game.
wow this game is complete dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ completely luck based. if you are someone with no skills in life, a 1.5 gpa, retardation, are 5'6'' and wiegh 85 pounds, like robbie, then you should play this game. If you have a future in life, dont play this game. If you are over the hieght of 5'6'', dont play this game. If you like♥♥♥♥♥♥in the♥♥♥♥♥ play this game. if you smell like cheeks, play this game. If nobody like you and you have no friends, play this game.  If any of this applies to you, follow these instruction...trust me...this game is really bad.
I loved this game in the alpha. Most of my game time was during that stage, and I put the game down hoping to come back to it one day when it was fully released so I could have more fun with it. Turns out, I was dead wrong. The entire game has changed for the worst, and here's why:- The majority of in-game content (INCLUDING HALF OF WHAT YOU GET OUT OF CHESTS) requires a membership you have to pay for ($49.99 for lifetime)- There's an in-game currency now (Robobits, I think?) that you also have to pay for to get any significant amount. There's a system which lets you "Recycle" parts that you're not using for more bits, BUT it utterly destroys the value of the parts, so you don't get nearly as many bits as you should. If you get Premium, you get 3x the amount of bits out of parts.- The game is MASSIVELY pay-to-win. Worse than it was before. Since I played in Alpha, I had ~25 chests to open, and got enough bits to buy a tank build off of the factory. This is pretty much where players can upload their builds and other players can buy them with bits. Well, I bought the tank, went into a game, and literally no one could kill me. I went 14-0 and 9-0 in both games that I played. I felt really bad because it's very unfair to other players, I didn't expect it to be that busted.- The graphics in the menu itself seem to have gone in reverse as far as progress goes. The ship that displays your builds was replaced with a grey texture everywhere, even on Fantastic graphic settings. If you go into build mode, the room goes back to its original texture, but it's very choppy sometimes? I know it isn't my computer causing the lag, I get great framerates everywhere else, but sometimes in build mode, it jumps around a TON for awhile.Honestly, the game went from being something decent with its tier unlock system and general theme it had going on, to seeming very greedy while also cutting back the quality of the graphics nearly everywhere. Even the cut scene when you launch the game looks like it's a 240p video.RIP Robocraft.
Early Access ReviewI would not recommend it.  1. The best cards are money-locked.  2. You are paired against people of equal skill even though you are in bronze and they are in the top ranks.  3.  Draft is the same way as no. 2.  Even though you have 0 wins, you can play against a deck with 6 wins because the two players have equal overall winrate.  4. You cannot even craft the best cards, you have to buy the expansion.  If you are f2p, get ready to be farmed.  Save yourself the trouble.
I have hundreds of hours in many digital and real life card games and this one is an overly complex mess, riddled with borderline copyright theft from similar games especially hearthstone. The new player experience is a ♥♥♥♥ing chore with mandatory ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tutorials that blast annoying sounds that the game takes too long to allow you to get to the woeful options menu and turn off. Is this a Pc game or a phone game because it has shity options for pc and the art is tiny and too intricate for mobile users.It honestly feels like scumbag corp that Bethesda has become just told there art department to copy hearthstone and slap some unused skyrim art on the cards. Obviously a lot of card games will contain similar abilities and use of language but this game takes the ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥trust me, anyone with a thesaurus couldn have done better.The game ultimately feels like the homer simpson car in which going for a "deeper" experience means taking every aspect of all other cards games and throwing them into a bucket. Hey Bethesda when you throw ever color onto the canvas all you get is brown goopy mud.Frustrations aside is the sad fact that this game is so boooring like please end my suffering levels of lame, the game client is slow and unresponsive and the art all looks like it has a brown tint, not to mention the annoying♥♥♥♥♥♥the voice actors endlessly spew over the top of the cliched "epic" music which thank god you can mute.The funny feeling you get while playing this particular theme is wow I really wish I was playing Gwent which is probably what yall should wait for. DruidStone is a broken mess, Shadowverse is great but no one plays it and Gwent isn't really out yet but even still I wouldn't waste your time with this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and if you're still not convinced let me tell you the most scummy thing about the game.They include how to purchase cards for real MONEY in the tutorial before you know what the hell anything even does, from the creation club to this crap what the hell happened to this company that created classics like morrowind and skyrim.
Early Access ReviewIf you like getting mana ♥♥♥♥ed every which way you can imagine, set decks to be used with little to no creativity in a competitive scene, or if you got too fed up with the sh*t developers for magic duels this is the game for you. Otherwise, meh.
A long time ago, this was possibly the best game I had ever played.It had a friendly community full of traders, clans, fun servers or competitive games with a sense of humour.The updates were exciting to the whole community, and everyone loved them.It's not the same anymore. Valve has tried so hard to compete with games that have recently come out over the years, and it's torn apart what made it great.I'm not saying it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm just saying there was a better time.
Massive issues just getting registered, makes you fill out a form and is meant to return a email to you and doesn't , then on the site in the choice to resend acctivation email it asks for home address phone number blood type , ok so I made the blood type part up , but why all these personal details are required I don't know.been round and round trying to fix this , including following the link in steam from simbin and still nothing.So I can't review it only my attempts to get the game working, which is not happening.
Early Access ReviewAside from all of the bugs that usually plague MMOs during launch, i.e. server queues, lag, and disconnects, the game is really bad.  Right off the bat, I noticed how horrible the graphics were for everything besides the characters and beasts.  Armors would looks splotchy and blurred, while edges on many objects were not smooth at all.  The voice over / choices available for character voices, seemed as if it was just the same person repeating words, with the sound being slightly distorted to make it different.  While creating my character, I found that there were a lot of missing features and options that would have made it stellar.  Features such as the ability to change the Fur color using a choice of basic spectrums was outright missing.  Colors such as black, silver or white, were all simply missing from their color palette, I guess the devs have never seen the color black on fur before.  Another thing that threw me off, was that every customized character image I managed to save was Faction locked, which is infuriating in itself if one wishes to remake their character on a different server.  Now on to the abysmal game play.  The movement system uses the old "hold RMB" to turn the camera, with WASD for moving the character around.  That would have been tolerable, if only there was an option to remap keybinds.  There wasn't even one as far as I could tell after searching through the entire UI.TL;DR Bless Online is another MMO flopOverall Rating - 1/10
No.Seems like a horrible android port.Chat full of bots claiming to giveaway gems. GEMS!? yeah.. gems.Bunch of popups with useless information about gems and whatever discounts.Well the regular stuff, feels like playing a free to play mmo game from google playstore.I like the graphics tho.
WHY VALVE WHYWhy did you realese make your match WHYYYYYYYYYY.You're killing the game. I love tf2 but this patch, no the last several patches are blatent cashgrabes that add nothing to the game and take away little by little everything people loved about the game. It's sad when you either have to find a community server that I get near 250 ping or play bot matches just to entertain myself playing this game. I can't honestly recommend that anyone plays this unless valve fixes the horrible mistake that mym was. And I don't mean "fix" it by just polishing competitive and casual. here is a list of some of the big things valve needs to fix1. Get rid of casual2. bring back vanilla pubs3. new weopens NOT reskins4. buff the heavy not the pyro5. stop trying to be overwatch6. fix competitive and make it playable7. STOP MAKING PATCHES AROUND TRYING TO SCAM YOUR PLAYERBASE OUT OF THEIR MONEY8. actually try and care about the game9. get someone who hass played tf2 to do the balancing10. completly backstep like the last 4 patchesthats just the short list. PLEASE VAVLVE fix your game! Until then I honestly cannot recommend this to anybody.
Alright so an honest review from me.Being a person who has played Yu-Gi-Oh! for well more than 10 years now, this game feels boring and way too simple.I literally almost fell asleep while dueling every npc duelist and I'm already on Stage 6 and it's still too easy. I can literally beat everyone with my eyes closed and hands tied behind my back. Everything that they do is summon a weak monster in attack position each damn time and that's it, even the stage bosses do that, now that's completely ridiculous, LOL.Also there are 20 card decks and 3x3 monster and spell/trap card field which I don't find attractive.The PvP is extremely stupid as well, lower tier decks have absolutely no chance against higher tier decks because the 20 card deck limit makes it so that you almost always get good draws.This game could be the real deal for Yu-Gi-Oh! newbies in the ways of simplicity but may be too boring for veteran players.
I want to like this game I have put alot of hours and money into it.  Unfortunatly I can't recomend it.  The gameplay is servicable but feels really unbalanced towards certain factions.   The expensive repiar cost for equipment the high prices for everything and the low EXP and credit earnings is dishearting.  For us WW2 fans its really all we have untill Post Script
Since the recent match making update, you have to wait a good 15 minutes before actually entering a match on "casual" mode. Once the match is over (keep in mind a match can last as little as 10 mintues sometimes) you're forced to find a new game. The matchmaking takes longer than the actual game with recent experience, so i honestly can't recomend this game while it's like this, as even community servers force ads on you
It can be really fun, but the community is even worse then leagues and all the decent skins are locked in chest or ridiculous events that just pop up one after another, Hi-rez is milking this game for all its worth and i regret paying into the first odyssey way back when.Edit: Console UI OMEGALUL
The game is not playable at tier 6 Us tanks. It is impossible to earn silver lions with abrams even with premium, so it means you have to pay lions with real money which is absurdly expensive. For that amount of money and time you need to invest in wot  i recommend everyone to buy i normal game, then you wont need to grind,pay to win and use microtransaction for parts.
Until Gaijin decides to listen to their community and stop treating them as a cow to be milked, I wholeheartedly implore people to NOT PLAY THIS GAME.  The game is built to make the player frustrated and spend money to solve some of the issues -be it FPE, parts or getting uptiered all the time-. The game used to be fun but having to spend months is simply not worth the frustration.
Is this a fun nod to all the Fallout games? Yes. If you're just looking for a time-guzzling fix for your Fallout addiction, this will do that for a little bit.Unfortunately I can't recommend it because it sort of just peters off into nothing. No real end game content, very little replayability value. You'll end up wondering why you still have it downloaded and only play it to remind yourself of how cool you wish it had been if it had been developed further.
Early Access ReviewThis game was ruined by the latest update, The epic loot crap, it basically killed itself it is now "Pay to win" and doesn't bring out the main parts of robocraft: building and not just the fighting
Downloaded, started up, Clicked new character, Archer, start, black screen and  adn error. After searching for 20 minutes finally figured to switch to another server. Leveled to 8, went to town, stupid menu popped up and wouldn't close. Forced to watch bots spam. Closed, reopened, continued, finally died. Had to close just to continue. Backed out, uninstalled, wrote review.
This game is actually good I mean is yu gi oh and the childhood of many, so yeah, you can really enjoy it, but konami it is a money grabbing♥♥♥♥♥♥company so it is a pay to win, some will say that you can get packs and the same cards as someone that pays would, but the BOXES have 200 packs each costs 50 gems and you can get an average of 1500 gems per event and half of the BOX are normal useless cards with 10 copies of each, why in the hell would you want 10 copies of a normal card? Oh and only 1 copy of the actual good UR cards, so you will need to open this box again and again and again to get the deck you want with 3 copies of the UR, so the grind is terrible and once you get to platinum in PvP you see guys with the complete new archtype deck that just came out and you just feel helpless basically can not do anything. This is a cards game, so if someone can just get the deck they want paying for it, is a pay to win game, and not even a cheap one.
Do you want to murder a bunch of girls with superfluous animal features for the crime of having large breasts?Yes?Well you'll probably still find this game to be a big ol' pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥Even by idle game standards.Have fun!plz add more flat.
Early Access ReviewYou Want People To Play Your Game?Don't bombard it with a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of cringy loading screen jokes, and NEVER PAYWALL THE GAME WHEN YOU PUT IT IN BETA. This game already needs a membership and needs you to pay for stupid coins to get some overpowered items or getting a stupid dragon. You want someone to support your damn game so bad let them play the damn game and they decide whether or not to support it, if you force them to do it.... they won't support it (what a fkin suprise)
Don't get me wrong this game has a lot of good points but has one major flawI will start with the big flawThis game is is free to play and doesn't have a vip level caps or premium areas, its ridiculously expensive if you want to make any real progress. I'll give a few examples:+There are free mounts in the game which can be bought with in game gold-These are very plain and basic mounts -The best mounts in the game cost 2500 -3500 ZEN this translates to £25...... £25 !!!! for a horse skin and faster movement speed which i can buy a whole game for+You can earn astral diamonds (can be converted ZEN) 6 times a day so there is a way to earn the items- we'll say you might make 20000 astral diamonds in a day which i personally wasn't anywhere near doing but 1 ZEN = 380 AD so to buy that horse 3500ZEN you're going to need 1,330,000 astral diamonds which is 66 days of play. Which is stupid.....-downloadable content is ridiculously expensive considering its just items, gear and mounts.-high level items all require astral diamonds or zen-the ingame money is pretty much useless and can only buy health potions and kits-to unlock the treasure chest at the end of that dungeon you just did (not regular quests) requries you to buy a key with astral diamonds-game is too simple, you get 3 abillities, 2 passives, 2 big abillities and a class specific sort of "mode". These can eb swapped out with other skills that you unlock but heck give me some variety-game was never really that challenging, I'm sure it gets more difficult but I got to level 43 with very little difficulty+game looks alright for a mmorpg, very few look amazing-game is very poorly optimized, i'm running a titan x, 32GB of ram, 6 core with hyper threading and  all over clocked on a 4k screen.witcher 3 which is an absolutely stunning game graphically and rubs this game in the dirt always had 40+ fpsIn some areas this game makes me hit 20 fps which is abysmal-quests are quite repetitiveI guess I'll get to some positives then now+areas and mobs are diverse+boss fights are pretty cool+good to just pass some time if you've got nothing to play+game has a lot to do by the looks of it and if you've got hundred of pounds to waste then heck go ahead+very clear dungeons and dragons elements+though you can't use the majority of your abillities there's quite a lot to choose fromIf the developers want to improve this game make your zen exchanges rates better with real world currencymake the regular currency able to buy more things, literally everything should be pourchasable with coppers even if you have to balance it by making it quite a lotToo many sub currencies in the games e.g. seals, astral diamonds, zen, coppers......Things like loot shouldn't come at a cost to just open
At this date IF you find gear you cat keep it at all ..  I found a rinch and it had no value in killing the 2nt zombi ..  I hiting him and my helth kill me .. I hit him for over a min ...  HE SHOLD OF DIED FAST,,  and I cat sneek by aney ZOMBI  .. or it it too hard to do so...  AND I see a SUPER ONE  yo I gave him 1/2 of a CLIP and he did not FALL ..   I tary to HELP SOME ONE ..  YUP HE KILL ME YES I NEW IT WAS A TRAP >  BUT I HOPE WE COUD TALK>>    LOOK WHY DONT THAY ADD A QUEST IN THE GAME and Make it so ye can NOT HIT A PLAYER ..  WHY WELL IT IS STUPED TO KILL OFF NONE ZOMIES   THINK ABOUT IT ..YOU FEEL Like a wase to time SO yah I un install ..  Be nice IF we can SIMPLEY KEEP AER Loot in a you have it for ever way. as soon as ye find it .
Early Access ReviewThere is so much I want to say, but others have done it better than I ever could already. Basically, Freejam is taking this game in a direction that's destroying what made the idea of it fun and unique. They refuse to listen to the community and insist because "new user retention rates are high", their decisions are good decisions. The retention rate is higher because new users are logging in daily for their free crate. Freejam is cherrypicking their data to insist what they're doing instead of listening to user suggestions and criticism is what's best. I won't stop playing until it's unbearable to do so, but my hope for this game's future is rapidly running out.
Early Access ReviewNope. stay away.Where do i ever start? this game looks like it was made in the times of the old playstation, back when we didn't have smooth mesh and dynamic lighting! seriously the game looks like sh*t. but the playerbase IS sh*t.  3 mintues in i already got a taste of how condecending and stupid the community is, someone rattling off "tips" to "newbies" that even a 3 year old could figure out to do in a second. dont even get me started on when you leave the toutorial. first battle area is so small you'll be fighting for an hour to get mods for a quest that would otherwise take you 5 minutes and still leave you time for lunch. oh and you wanna craft some gear? prepare for a cancerous mobile/facebook game style wait time that inceases the better the item is, starting at 5 minutes for a frikin level 2 axe thats barely better then your starter sword. don't worry tho, you can speed it up with real money ;).overall just skip it. don't bother. let it rot like it was destined to from the start. i regret backing them because i can see now that this game will go the same way as many others who failed to see how to make an mmo. let the mobile idiots have this one.
Early Access ReviewI think Eternal should exist because people have different tastes in life. Having said that, I don't really support the old scheme of resource draw (a.k.a. lands, or sigils in this game). The concept of mana flood/screw is a problem that shouldn't exist (the way Eternal manages mulligan is clever, but not enough). Even if you vomit your resource theory, it doesn't matter how pro you are if luck just screws you.On the other side, I have to say that Eternal had the best free-to-play scheme. However, like any other CCG, whilst expansions start to hoard, new players will have an increasingly difficult time to build a collection. No matter how generous the game it was in the beginning if it doesn't scale with the increased card pool. (At some point, you start drafting the same cards over and over, so you end with little to none value even if they give it to you).So, as a final veredict, I stopped playing Eternal mainly because mana flood/screws, it became expensive (in time) to farm resources (the return value is pathetic), and balance can be tricky sometimes. However, I don't think it is bad at all. If you are MTG fanboy you should give it a try. Otherwise, run from here and try something else to avoid wasting your time.
Oh Smite. First off, I do have a few hundred unlogged hours from when Smite wasn't on Steam.Smite holds a very special place in my heart, it is one of, if not my favourite multiplayer game of all time. Played since Beta, and I've had REALLY long breaks from it from time to time, months long. But I seem to always come back. To me, it's easily better than League and Dota, just because of the easier learning curve, and potential for much faster paced games. I've always hated the entire early game of League, as it is pretty much just clicking minions for 10 minutes or so. I'm also not a fan of clicking to move.This is where Smite came in. It's primary premise was to be a third-person MOBA. And my god did they nail it. The abilities, action and synergy between gods is great, among other key gameplay aspects. Ask anybody, and they will say that it's glory days are over. And while that may be true, Smite is still the same core experience, with a more complete roster of more diverse gods. The reasons why it's glory days are over?1) Community has indeed, gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥ Early on, the community was one of the best, although I think that's true of most Beta games/new games.2) A couple of key people working on the design team of HiRez left to work on other games and projects within HiRez. Basically, instead of returning an investment to improve and prolong Smite, HiRez thought it would be a good idea to do a handful of smaller projects. Really only Paladins was successful, but this still draws resources and manpower away from Smite, as HiRez is still a pretty small dev company. They tried a bunch of card games and mobile games, and really just wasted time and money. I'd personally reckon Smite suffered for this.  Now, the design team don't really know how to play the game at a high enough level to test balance properly, which REALLY makes balancing a huge issue at times for them. Even with all these issues, balance may not be very good, but it's definitely NOT as bad as some people make it out to be. And it sure is more balanced than a bunch of MP games out there.3) Matchmaking. I really never will understand at all how a matchmaking system can ever possibly think that a couple of silver level players get matched with Diamond & Platinum and even Grandmaster ranks. It's easily the worst thing about Smite. It's not even like there's not enough people queuing, there's still a modest-sized playerbase for ranked. The PERFECT example of how♥♥♥♥♥♥matchmaking is, is this story of how me and my friend got into a game with not just a pro player, but probably a top 3 midlaner in the world: It was a couple years ago, me and my friend just qualified for the new split, and got something like Gold IV. Now, gold is pretty bad, you definitely are NOT good at the game if you can't get out of gold. Yet somehow, someway, me and my friend got paired with a Silver, a Diamond player and this top 3 midlane pro in ranked. It's ♥♥♥♥ing mind-boggling.(Conclusion)I still love playing Smite, and it is still my favourite MP game, I just don't know if it's worth a new player trying to learn the game up to the point of playing ranked extensively, because of those three problems. If you want a casual, fun time learning the game with friends, this game is fantastic. I have tons of memories of that with my friends in the past, it was a blast. But if you have intentions to truly learn the game and get better with ranked, I can't recommend this game to you.
well.. I really enjoy the game.. the problem I have with it is:1.- I really hate cheaters.. I have a lot of game experience, so its easy for me to detect a cheater and I had been seeing cheater in about 30% of the gamesUsually aimbots and ESP (extrasensorial perception).. For example.. a plane that is aiming consistently against infantry while the fighter should not see the soldiers from the air and in the mid game he has +30 infantry killedNo matter if you hide in the bushes!!Or infantry who are killing everyone without even taking coverI think devs are doing their best against cheaters.. but I also think its not enought.. 1/3 of games infested by cheaters is too much!!The other problem I have is..2.- The nerfed PTRD 41.. It worths nothing!!I had been able to destroy tanks consistently from a range of 5-10 meters.. But.. whats the matter to get so close with a very restricted weapon of 1 shot, where you need to hit 3-4 times to destroy a light tank when there you can use antitank grenades wich only takes 2 equipments slot while the ptrd takes 8??  Absurd!!If you shot from 50-100 meters its almost sure you'll miss, no matter if you are proned.The PTRD 41 is a very long weapon with a very big and heavy ammo so it should have a very decent accuracy, but for now this weapon worth nothing.. in fact.. the AT grenades are a lot more efficient than this suposed  AT rifle..3.- Whats really the problem with Reto-Moto?..The problem is that the rich boys that plays for america are continuosly complaining about this and other weapons and reto-moto is so eager to please them..Thats the reason why americans win almost 90% of the wars!!!.  
Pay to win game..It has something addictive to all Fallout fans. But in fact it's all around "wait X days or pay". In between there is NOTHING to do.. fighting countless fire accidents, breaking eye when trying to find mysterious stranger.. no thanks.And as always it's terrible port. Buggy for 1920x1200 (talking about mouse scrolling), glitchy, annoying auto-zoom, accidental dragging.. PC has keyboard, I am serious guys, there are 104 keys, dragging everything is not what we like.Otherwise very good game. Remove that crappy shop idea and it would be amazing 5-10$ game I'd buy and recommend.
Got it, Played it, Deleted it.  There is no fair way this game can be called "free to play" when all you get is 1 gun, and the ability to hunt 1 kind of deer, or rabbit, everything else requires membership, its ridiculous, if its a free to play, make it free, if not dont call it free to play
Early Access ReviewEdit: Refunded after 15 hours play time-No Arenas or battlegrounds.-No PVP Ranking system or ranking rewards.-Honor point acquisition is broken.-Basel canyon (main pvp map) is empty, no mobs.-SLEVELS (for unlocking last 2 stances and trait points) are not implemented, can't progress past 45.-Skill Gem acquisition is broken-No migra turris hard mode (or whatever name they gave it in our version)-Two ''end game'' dungeons with exactly same gear score drops-No royal quest-No honor quest-No daily dungeon
Early Access ReviewEternal is addictive - and I don't mean this in a good way. Me, coming home from work around 8 p.m.Man, I'm tired...Just log in for my daily reward...I'll just play this one match - it's only ten minutes, right?Just one win away from my three-win reward...Only 500 gold away from buying myself into the next draft...Oh, nice card - have to try this in a new deck...The new deck needs testing...Just this next match...Then it's 2 a.m. - my alarm clock is set at 6.45 a.m.Even when I was not on, the game was eating away at my time, since I was brooding over my next strategy and deck design.Over the course of two months I grew more and more irritable, started yelling at my kids and neglecting my job and family life. Only when my wife confronted me, I finally snapped out of it.What I took away from this experience is the following:CCGs and "Free to Play"s are both evil concepts designed to manipulate you into pouring your life time and eventually money into it. You might think that you are playing the game, while in reality it plays you. If you don't believe me, have a look at the "hrs on record" above the reviews for Eternal. Stay away from this.
I sort of like the game and yet I really hate the game becasue of what it's become. It used to be 5v5 even in AI but now if you're 4v1v5 as the only human player. You maya swell Alt+F4 out becsue you are not going to have fun. The AI is so tunnel vision that they will literally ignore your base being catpured for gamma, they will ignore your base being captured to capture A/B2 Hell they're even ignore winning to go get Gamma, Gamma is not that important if you can literally jumop to the enemy base (Knowing that the AI can be exploited) and win. the AI is very unbalanced becasue the enemy AI will always perform better than the ones on your team. take note of healers the enemy one wil lalways be where it's needed and will heal on CD where as your own healer will watch you die and then heal itself or it will heal you while you're at home base...Players in thsi game don't care at all they will ignore everything including winning just so they can get an extra kill becasue there's no stats ( which is a good thing ) so all they care about is their own score card.Onto the ships - There is clear unbalanced ships while some are amazingly overpowered and some are a joke.Some good things just to balance off the rant I had about the bull in this game. They give you free premium currency but there's not much to buy with it, the daily missions if done right can give you perminant premium currency bonusthe ships look amazing specially the TDS ones.
Smite is really a mixed bag for me.I stopped playing League a couple of years ago for a lot of the same reasons that other people did. The fun in the game had long been sucked dry by people who throw hissy fits if they don't get the most kills or if they're paired with people who are still trying to learn the game. I was never that great at the game, and found that I really wasn't able to improve when no one wanted to play with a noob. And with that, I left. When I heard about Smite in early 2015 from Jontron, I was eager to give mobas a second chance. I loved playing the game and found myself a welcome member of the community. As much as I loved the game, I stopped playing for awhile, only picking up the game back up on Steam in the summer of 2017.After getting used to the game again, I started playing PvP again. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ how things had changed. It really felt like I was playing League again with all of the ♥♥♥♥♥ing. At least once a day out of all the games I play, I'll see newer players bullied out of games. In my opinion, it's a community's responsibility to encourage its members to improve, instead of just calling them noobs and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ all over them. Smite is an amazing game. But I think anyone who isn't contributing to the toxicity can agree that the community has isolated itself from new players, and finding the enjoyment that the game once offered is becoming increasingly difficultAlso, holy ♥♥♥♥, someone fix Susano, please.
Custom Games no longer work anymore since last update and the new party system is bugged so can be really difficult playing with friends. Idc if you introduce skins for money just let us be able to play...
It's a ♥♥♥♥en mobile app pc port. To those ♥♥♥♥♥ing about Konami and pay walls noooooo♥♥♥♥♥♥its a mobile game.  Buying the actual cards and playing IRL while doing cocaine would be a more sound investment.
GODAWFUL garbage that was ported from mobile with all the cancer that comes with it - HORRENDOUS grind for next to no reward, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t RNG with barely any chance to get what you're grinding even if it isn't rare AND you even need to PAY just to get access to said grind that then screws you over with RNG since you can't duel anyone with a chance at giving you a specific card without spending an asston of very slowly grindable resources, which are farmed from A LIMITED AMOUNT of free roaming AI duelists. Once you run out of those you either wait 4 hours or, naturally, pay up. Packs only have 3 cards as opposed to 5 and cost 50 "gems" per pack, while the amount you SOMETIMES get as a RANDOM reward is 1 gem and 10 if you're ULTRA lucky.Right off the bat there are powerful decks that you can only by and are not available anywhere in game so "micro" transactions are strong with this trash.This isn't even propper Yu-gi-oh! - field is limited to 3by3 instead of 5by5 because, again, this is a ported mobile trash game so it had to fit the phone screen and there is no Main Phase 2 so if your can't even do anything like sacrificing several mosnters you used to clear the field for a single better one after you have attacked except end your turn. And the amount of cards that you actually can get is pittiful compared to the full game.Typical #♥♥♥♥onami ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t - the cancer corporation whose blind greed induced retardation makes them even worse than EA and BlizzardSTAY CLEAR OF THIS TRASH#♥♥♥♥onami
Early Access ReviewIts just not goodAfter playing these games for years and having fun in a 2D MMORPG I found this really lackingThe controles dont play well and the graphics are really off par what they should beI Like the fun and simplicity of the old games and want a new one in that formatnot thisThis is all in all a bad game
I played this game for quite a few hours but now i want my time back. Only reason i even tried it was because of the awesome music in the trailer.Problems:-Pay2win-Garbage players who have never played basketball and think its a solo game.-Server problems-The UI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to be honest.
Early Access ReviewI've played over 700 hours of this game. Most of this time was a necessity due to injury of not using the off-hand, and a mouse only game was appealing. Pros:1) Interesting cards and combinations of cards including applications of different factions. When you get to know the game there are many combinations. However when you get to know the game you'll also know the cons the developers have not addressed nor do I suspect will they.2) Graphics to go with card actions are well-done.Cons: 1) You will spend hours not playing, but watching the same combinations of deals occur, which, neither allow you or the opponent to play. The game play is hurt to the point I do not recommend anyone attempt this game.2) They say that with your redraw you will "always get between 2 and 5 Sigles", this would then be that there is a 20% chance of receiving 2 Sigles. In fact this is 80%+ you will receive 2 Sigles on the redraw. If you choose a 2 Sigle draw, 3 out of 4 times you will not see another Sigle for 2 to 4 turns. Meaning you watch yourself fall behind and lose, wasting time and having no fun. There is a lot of no fun in this "game".3) If a 5 Sigle draw or redraw, (draw can sometimes be 6), 3 out of 4 times you will see nothing but Sigles for the next 2+ turns. 4) If your draw is a combination of unit cards, spell cards and/or items, you will have a playable hand. If your hand is units, you will receive units, if your hand is items/spells and sigles, you will receive items/spells and sigles 3 of 4 times for the preceding 2 to 4 rounds.3) Regardless of knowledge and deck design you do, you will not be competetive with those, I can only assume, who have paid money and receive a different algorithm in the deck dealing and card drawing.I do not recommend this game to anyone.
Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewWell...♥♥♥♥I was about to download this game again, when i stumbled upon the reviews regarding the newest update, and i just couldn't.TL;DR for all these reviews : The game used to be good, devs made the game P2W with a lootbox system and ♥♥♥♥ed everything up.
Early Access ReviewI must say I enjoyed the game while it lasted, even spent some money on it, however (and this is a big however) I have lost respect for the devs. My friend (Freekill, I'm sure you can find his review easily enough) has had countless problems getting the game to run, and has had no success finding help online. His review was a bit angry, but that's purely out of frustration, the developers response was not to offer any help, or to try and resolve the problem, but to flag his review as abusive. Due to this I'm removing my custom from the developers and I wont be recommending this game to anyone else. it's a shame because I enjoyed the game and would have spent quite a lot of money on it.
Early Access ReviewVery good game , fps and its easy to learn , but the down size is the gernades is too powerfull and its like a candy ,, if they just remove the gernades it will be awesome game , and the other thing that made me very angry is when you want to grab a weapon on the ground you must go very close to it like above it and click for 1000000 second to grab it , by then you will be dead ,,, other than that the game is cool
As someone who has played this game for not very long it became easy to see that this game is a cash grab, they seek to lure you in but the grind is meant to frustrate you so you purchase things. If you want this game summed up think of it like this, THIS GAME IS NOT FREE, THE GAME IS A PAYED SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE FOR IT TO BE FUN.
I have mix feeling for this game. It is a completly free game and what looks like a good simulator game, but I can enter the training missions to learn how to fly the planes. The 90 minustes I have of playing is just me waiting in the eternal loading screen even though I have the lowest graphic settings. The one time I manages to start playing I didnt manage to fly the plane because the game froze. For being on version 2.5 of the game I expected less performace issues, but because is a free-to-play game than I feel I cant complain. Also why is it that the game needs to restart everytime a graphic setting is changed? I thought that concept died with really old games  (This is just me nitpicking).
Early Access ReviewToday, I was playing a game against somebody, and they dropped a card that was like, silence all your cards, destroy all your attachments, and I was like, wow, a card that just goes, I win.  Pretty pathetic.
Game has gone downhill since patch 1.35 and at this point almost has no point in playing. A great F2P title that started out with a reasonable expectation of pay to play and now is more interested in you paying, regardless if you have a good time playing. No thanks, sorry on this one Gaijen, you messed up.
This game is a technical nightmare. I tried to give it a fair chance but I was getting sick with all the screen tearing and frame stutters. It´s kind of sad that after 4 months of "EA" this is the state that the full release is in.Still I think everyone should give it a try, specially now that it´s F2P. You got nothing to lose, other than your time and maybe your eye balls.
Pretty decent for a free game no Multiplayer like Autoclub Revolution.  It's basically the same game but has Multiplayer in it as well.  I would recomment this game if it had Multiplayer not hot laps or whatever these idiots call it and other racing sims follow.
Early Access ReviewOk here is my review about this game. The game itself is nice graphics and fun for combat and neat for taming pets and lots of other cool things. But hhis game is going to fail big Time and there are only 2 reasons for this. Reason number 1:  You cannot send mail to your friends.Reason number 2: You cannot trade items to your friends.These 2 things are the most important functions to have working in a MMORPG.Why would a game company make a MMORPG and include a mail system that only allows you to send mail to alternate characters and when you right click on a friend who is in your party there is a trade with player option but when attempting to use it you get error message and it turns out the company who made bless online is not allowing people to trade with their friends. The trade is option is 100% disabled on purpose by the game company. They say its to stop gold sellers. LMAOThis game has a massive crafting system and like any MMORPG there is always alot of people who love to trade stuff to their friends and family who play the game in order to help them level their crafting and or give them in game money to help them buy stuff as well as to avoid auction house fees if you can just sell directly to another player instead. As well as craft tons of gear to give to their friends and family for free.They say they did this to stop gold sellers.  This does not stop gold sellers at all as they can just ask the person who wants to buy gold to put up a crap item on the auction house for a huge amount of gold which the gold seller will buy and this allows the person buying gold to get their gold. This also prevents crafters from crafting items to give to their friends or family unless they can somehow manage to buy it on the ah for a low price before someone else gets it when trying to help out friends and family with crafting mat and or gear.  I find this is a game breaker for me me and 4 friends just got this game a few days ago and we all found out today we cannot trade or mail each other so we all just quit the game right now.  They should just make this game single player game since you cannot trade or mail your friends LMAO. This game is 100% doomed to fail.
Early Access ReviewYou cant even get into the game, unless you sit there for 30 minutes re-launching it, hoping you get into the server selection. Oh boy, just when you think you're in, they get you! After 30 minutes of re-launching the game, you have to wait in que for another 30-60 minutes. There is not really a need for a Tank in any dungeon so far (lvl 13-20). The translations are absolutely terrible, making the intro one of the most confusing and frustrating experiences ever. The fighting system is a huge rework from what it used to be, but its still poorly done. Save your money until it goes on sale like BDO, and until they add more classes to make it worth while.Founder items are CHARACTER BOUND, and they have a time limit!! WTF is this!?! They offer a few skins and a "premium" exp boost, but everything only lasts for the time period associated with the package you buy?!? GTFO here with this♥♥♥♥♥♥
I played this game for 2 hours without spending any money and only found one deer. I found a lot of hogs but you need to pay in order to shoot them. It's called f2p but it's really not
Ever since this game was bought by a bigger company, the game has gone to hell. Nowadays the game just wants to get your money in every possible way.YES, the game's free to play - AND it's quick to install and get into - but the gameplay suffers from the great monetization. The game might be fun for the first few hours, but after that you're just getting annoyed by all the cash milking around you.Avoid. For now.
Game was good, but then it became a hardcore pay to win. Now it's extra-extra-extra grindy for you free to players.Overally the game is garbage, oh well. Thanks for being fun for like 2 months for me.This game gets a really low rating and I don't recommend playing it anymore 4/10
Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewThis game  wass  good until they added "epic  lot" update before i had likely 6700points but now im only have 71 (think they did beacase users should buy items for real money) and the prices on items are the same (dont donate, this game suck, 0/10)
Dota in itself is a great game. I have had many hours of fun playing it. But to be honest this is not a kids game. At least not anymore. It has really become gruff, outspoken, harsh and very very true in filthy language. This is really unfortunate because it was not made for thet and not intended for those who are not universally human enough to realize this is a game not life! Do I recommend this game Yes on yes the game is great. Do i recommend it for young people a definate NO! I myself as many others are finding other games now because we are sick of the filthy language and things said here in this game. I will say this. The Dota people have tried I think in ernest to stop it. Those people laugh at them and just do it anyways. To bad if it ever stopped it would be the best game on the internet! Im  sure Dota would never let me or this be said and pass this in the review.
I'm finally drunk and pis*ed off enough to write a much needed review of this game.Steam forces you to pigeon-hole yourself into either "thumbs-up" or "thumbs-down" so I will place my review as a "thumbs-down" but honestly it is more of a totally neutral thumb that tilts positive or negative depending on the intermittent pangs of rage that I feel towards this game. I also feel that I cannot be too harsh on something that has a FREE TO PLAY tag- I mean, they're literally giving it away, sera.First off this game has the same rage-quitting short-comings as most other card games. You can play well, exceptionally even, but at the end of the match it really is about who has the better cards- or who gets their hands on some fu**'ed up combo that breaks your lanes even though you are certain that your opponent is just some worthless piece of sh** with good luck.Second off, this game has the most obnoxious and redundant voice-overs corresponding to EVERY card activation. How am I supposed to convince my wife that I am not playing video games in the other room when ESOL howls with "my will is good!"'s and "I am the night watcher"'s? Do we, as players, really need to hear these inane prompts over and over again? What is the point? To immerse us in the game environment? To plug the other elder scrolls games? Puh-leeze.. my level 56 orc custom-class barbarian in Morrowind is rolling over in his Fu**ing grave right now. THE ORIGINAL MORROWIND HAD MAYBE 20 LINES OF VOICE DIALOGUE YOU ♥♥♥♥♥. Why can't you at least offer an audio setting to stop the incessant voice over prompts? You ESOL designer pieces of sh** make me sick. Third off, this game's metrics for play are totally off. There is NO early game. By turn 3-4 you are bombing 4/4's and 5/5s, or  some other dreaded legendary nonsense. They need to slow the game down so that early game has some chance of success- especially considering that you get punished for being aggressive. Are you intentionally getting rid of aggro? Why? explain yourself, ESOL. Fourth off- back to the voice overs- GET RID OF THE GOD DAMN ARENA ANNOUNCER VOICE! "WOW WHAT A BEATING" and "THE HOUSE OF REDORAN MASTERS OF MARTIAL POWER IN MORROWIND!" um, NO!. just stop. and fire the designer who thought that was a good idea. He should never work in game design ever again.But finally.. it's free to play. They aren't asking for much of anything. It's entertaining enough. You should download it and play a few rounds.
Early Access ReviewI tried to give it a chance, but after only 30 minutes I knew I couldn't continue to play this game. Everything about it feels broken, and occasionally waiting for 5-10 seconds just to open an inventory menu is too much.  I can't possibly recommend this game to anyone unless it were to become free to play. I have played multiple F2P games that have a better fan base, more stable system, and less overall bugs/issues with the game.
Early Access ReviewGood game until you are in a fight. You either 1 shot them or dont kill them, easy as that. Pistols are pea shooters - Shot a guy 8 times and it did ♥♥♥♥ all. And I 1 shot a guy with a hatchet? WTF. The mechanics are nice though. I like how you get multiple armours to collect. Spawning is rubbish though. You either spawn in a decently sized compound with loot or a small house in the middle of a forrest where you will find nothing but a grenade and a magazine. I dont like that it has its own laucher however, Just makes everything harder. Would much rather an advanced lobby. Devs are very active too, always adding content. Hopefully the game changes enough to recommend it.
fun for a minute, then it's just repetitive, if you want to work on a specific gun you have to go through every gun before it get "XP" and possibly pay for some crap dlc, Just go in wikipedia i't better than this crap.
Early Access ReviewWhat happened to this game? Honestly, i remember this game when there was leveling and item tree.... before mega bots.... god i miss that game because honestly this is a different game completly.
I can understand (to an extent) needing to unlock weapons/grenades with earned or purchased points, but to require me to have to rebuy ammunition or grenades before being able to continue to play another match? What in the actual !&#$ is that? Immediately uninstalled, will not return to this.
Early Access ReviewWatched shroud play looked cool, watched the mixer hypezone a couple weels ago looks cool, installed on my pc and played one game, game is trash, your player base is low do something or else your game with fail. Sponsor some poular streamers to get your numbers up cuz its not looking so good.
When I saw this game, I thought: hey, a free to play D&D game. Then I saw the 4.1 GB downloading memory and I was like, what?! But I went through with it, created an account and was annoyed that I had to use lower case letters for my username. I shrugged it off. Then I tried to play the game. Guess what? More downloads, only in patching. To clarify, anywhere from 600 MB to 2000 MBs of space needed. I don't have the time, nor memory available for such a large game. Unless you have a fast computer/laptop, my suggestion is to stay away from this game. Especially if it leaves FtP status.
ABSOLUTE P2W GAME! DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY! ONLINE GAMBLING FOR KIDS!The "Fur Hire" and "Spellbook" and the "Rampage Forest" decks are so overpowered that you are guaranteed to lose in 1-3 turns because of how gamebreaking they are. This is an obvious Pay-For-Power where if you don't buy these witch cash you are given the worst card RNG imaginable where it requires literally no skill to win because you can literally summon 3 monsters in one single turn with additional effects where you are guaranteed to lose. If you are a parent keep your kids away from this game otherwise you will be finding yourself with ridiculous microtransactions on your bill.Konami should be indicted for literally introducing online gambling to children. Because anyone who claims that this game isn't rigged you are delusional or an idiot. The abilities themselves literally control what cards you are able to draw. You are better off buying physical cards instead and playing in person because Konami can't rig your card shuffling. This is how they trick kids into putting money into their game. Because not only do you have to buy the most OP decks they make sure they place F2P players against you so you can get that mental rush like you are somehow good at the game influencing you to buy more when they introduce even more OP decks. It's an endless cycle.I put in about 100+ hours on android and I knew that it was P2W from the start. They rig the cards you draw. I literally filled it with mostly monsters and only drew only my spell cards in a row. I had 50% monsters and 50% spells/traps and literally kept getting only spells or only monsters. I even made it 70% monsters and 30% spells/traps and STILL got nothing but spells somehow. I was only using the Peak Performance skill the entire time.I even put multiple copies of the same card only to draw every other card except duplicates. I even experimented my card draws with a friend only to draw every other card except for my most powerful cards which were always conveniently placed at the very bottom of my deck. I have mostly played with my friends and they literally saw it on my livestream that I would draw similar cards during my 1st or 2nd turn and we even played about 30-40 matches in a row only to happen every single time.They even rigged the dice roll cards to give you the worst dice rolls as much as possible as they are powerful and would allow you to stand a chance against the P2W decks. It goes against their profit motive to simply rely on skill for using the right cards at the right moment. I have the Dangerous Machine Type-6 and it LITERALLY gave me a #6 dice roll 18 times in a row across all my matches always self-destructing my card each time. I only got to use it to it's full effect only 2 times and the rest was nothing but 1 or 6.I mostly played with my friends and even when they had cards more powerful than mine I have won more matches against them. This just proves how massively rigged the RNG system is and did my own personal research. The math doesn't make any sense and pretty much forces you to buy the most OP decks behind the paywall. If you are F2P be prepared to lose a lot of matches and do a ton of grinding to unlock "skills". If you don't believe that the card draws are rigged they literally have a feature called "skills" that can be applied to your character.How is this a skill when you literally give a player an advantage to pull certain cards out of their butt that completely breaks the game. What a joke! Here is a list of the so-called "skills" that can be activated below.BalanceIf your deck consists of 10 monster cards and 10 spell/trap cards, you will have 2 monster and 2 spell/trap in starting hand.Draw Sense: Spell/TrapCan be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap card.Destiny DrawCan be used each time your Life Points decrease by 2000. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw the card of your choice.Draw Sense: High LevelCan be used each time your Life Points decrase by 1800. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random level 7 or more monster.Heavy StarterIf your Deck has 3 or more Level 5 or higher monsters with different names, you will have improved chance of having a Level 5 or higher monster in your starting hand..
It's an okay game. I like how it uses standard D&D character stats. I don't like how I'm level 13 and still have level 1 pants, no quest rewards, no loot and not even a merchant. Nor do I like that I'm level 13 and haven't unlocked the ability to chat yet. You have to complete 5 different quest chains in order to unlock chat. Which I understand is an anti spam thing, but damn son. That's asking entirely too much of people.Overall 2/5, would play but not recommend.
its not suitable for a classical pc-gamer.looting things only rewards you in gear, no gold (u cant sell looted items for ingame gold - u have to buy ingame gold for shop items)but funny thing, u can trade with others.in the end u go in shady botspammed internetsites and buy items there...prosu only have 1 live with your charakter, so keep it hardcore unless u want to spend some money.cons.cash gives you somehow a "cheat"technicalcontains bugs and isnt state-of-the-art.
Early Access ReviewSeems like you are playing a first gen MMO . Lots of potential in the gAme but i think they definately missed the target . The old tab target combat system is the killer for the game for a lot of people.  The game looked amazing in the advertisement videos but once you get in and play it makes you wonder where they got the videos from.  I realize its an early access game but this game has already been released 2 other times before this in dif countries and failed miserably. I was hoping 3rd time was the charm but its not looking that way. Ill keep it on my inventory and  wait to see what happens. Would i recommend to a friend ? Definately not .
Early Access ReviewUp until about a week ago, this game was great.  The economy changes single-handedly ruined it, however.  There's no need for me to re-hash it here, since the other thousands of negative reviews will do a far better job of that, but it SUCKS to play out a 15 minute game and earn next to nothing, regardless of your performance in the battle.   You'll have to grind literally about 100 15-minute games to earn a single high end module, which you'll need to do several times in order to build one decent high-end robot.  This game is absolutely not worth your time.
I began the game and i started to wander around because i had no idea what to do, but after 10 minutes of the slowest walking ever, then I found some tracks, I started following them, and after 20 minutes I found a mound of deer poop, and the kept following the tracks, then I stumbled upon a pheasent, the first live creature I had seen in the game. I aimed in my rifle after scouring the controls on how to equip my gun, and pulled the trigger. nothing came out. A notification that I dont have the correct license to hunt that type of animal and that if i wanted to become a member to check the store. So i walked around for another 20 minutes. I ended up making a circle of the whole map and ended up at the lodge where I began, then I quit the game. ( that explains the time I have in it ) After looking at the store I came to notice that this game is pay to win, and then i uninstalled it. i wouldnt recomend this game, unless it was bill gates, because he could afford to buy all of the crap that in any other game, you would purchase with ingame money
My review for this game back in 2014 was extremely positive when it first came around. Now in 2018 I decided to re:review this messy messy game. Unfortunately POE has gotten worse with every release of new content. Kinda the opposite of what you would think would happen right. In the first year of the game being released it was very fun to play with excellent balance of difficulty, slightly complicated socket system but amazing when you finally digested it. Then...................they F'ked with it. Every time new content was released they would up the difficulty level and completely destroy builds that were very fun and effective but still challenging as you continued. Eventually it got to the point where there was no use in exploring any of the new content because it was all "cow level" one hit death stuff. Remember the secret cow level in Diablo 2? Pointlessly accessible early in the game but impossible to do until you've reached a super high level and have been through the game 3 times over. Absolutely pointless content because it is not ever even close to doable when you come across it.This game pretty much exclusively caters to hardcore super grind style players who enjoy statistic/stats minutiae hell. Despite its vast depth, Path of Exile just isn't fun to play if you are a casual gamer. Try Diablo 2/3 or Torchlight 2. All excellent choices with good balanced game challenge that doesn't get stupid hard unless you push it to end game levels. (which is how proper game mechanics should work)
guns?payshoot animals?payammo?payorr you could just go out, get a hunters license and do it irl. Come to think of it, it'd probably be cheaper, too.otherwise great game if you want to waste way too much cash.(played it for a lot more than what is shown on steam)
Early Access ReviewA nice attempt to create a proper TCG, yet fails with bad design choices that enforce RNG even more than needed. Mechanic wise I prefer the game over it's competitors like Hearth Stone but a major issue that I have with this game is the way they designed the resource system. Why in the world would you want to have your resources in form of cards in your actual deck? That poorly crafted design increases the RNG that TCGs have to deal with even more than required. Cause not only do you have to make sure to draw the right cards, you also have to make sure now to not draw resources if not needed and vice versa.Could be an amazing TCG but fails due to a very stupidly designed fundamental mechanic.
BAD BAD BAD BAD IVE PLAYED IT TWO TIME AND IT SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BAD. I DOWNLODIED IT BECUSE OF THE TRALLER AND IT NOTHING LIKE IT' PLUS ITS INPOSABULE KILL
This game sucks. It's like DayZ but a cheap knock-off version. Typical free-to-play/pay-to-win trash full of microtransactions. The graphics are terrible, the combat is even worse and there is no stealth when it comes to zombies as they chase you regardless of whether or not you're sneaking. The map is also extemely basic and you have to pay in order to access servers with any good loot.The only possitive I can think of is the vault, where you can stash the loot you pick up along the way. Which is kind of made redundant because the guns are all pretty much the exact same. Bottom line: YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR.
Product received for freePlease, give me a refund. This game is NOT even Yu-Gi-Oh.-3 space monster-20 ish cards in 1 deck-4k LP (thats a joke if they keep updating the cards)-so less cards, there isnt even a synchro mechanism-rng bullcrap microtransactionI have spent money on 1 additional deck slot, but immediately regret after doing it, when I realized that there are only 3 monster space; 20 to 30 cards in main deck; only 4000 life points; so much less when it comes to the real Yu-Gi-Oh. I want my money back, and I pledge allegiance to the gods to never ever play this game ever again!
Fun, but they charge too much money to upgrade towers to tiers 3 & 4.  I haven't upgraded anything because I don't want to waste my money.  as far as I can tell the upgrades are individual to each tower.  So if you pay to upgrade to tiers 3 & 4 you only get it for that one tower.  It's a money grab and too expensive.  No thanks.
This game is terrible unless you have a membership then everything is fine for you but people who just want a game on this awesome movie are doomed this game makes you pay for the worst things like oh you need more stable space
excellent graphics but the gameplay sucks, the character doesn't moves natural, you can't combine arrows for a fluid movement. The backpack can hold so few items that you're always throwing things
I had high hopes for this game. You have to pay 49.99 just to have all the weapons. One level took me 14 minutes to do. Here are some of the most common questions through the Community Hub I've found.-Can you make your own weapons? No. -Do you get all the weapons? No. Instead you pay 50 dollars for them.-How long does one level take? 5-20 minutes. Therefore, i am sad to say that trying this game was a bust.
Over the last year (since Gaikin added the italian tree) the quality of the game is been deteriorating. Personally I think the devs are just trying to milk the game as much as possible before it dies. Don't play this for the plane mode since the developers only care about the tank mode. The plane mode is stale and unbalanced. Even though the Tank mode gets ~98% of the developers attenion it too is unbalanced with a large percentage of ammo types being infinitely inferior to others. (Plane mode has the same issue but way worse)Any vehicle with a rating of 3.3 are not worth grinding for and playing. In the current state of the game American planes are the only ones worth playing.In the current state of the game tanks with H.E.A.T. are the only ones worth playing.In the current state of the game you will always become poor in the free currency. This is because it is very hard to be profitable when playing against people who have been playing since the start of the game. These players have memorised every vehicles weakness and as a casual player you will constantly get memed on.If you still wish to play the game here are some tips. For flying planes in realistic modeClimb: at the start of the match, climb. Climb to 500m to 1.5k higher than your optimal altitude. (Check stat card). Learn: learn what you nation does best. For example America goes fast. Japan turns. Russia isngreat at low altitude. Play to those strengths.Switch you info to metric. Everyone else uses it.For Tank combat. Turn on the lowest graphics seytings possible. It makes it easier to spot the enemy. Upgrade the range finder skill and bind it to a key.
Intentionally grindy, you need to play the most unfun games to unlock anything. The interfece is pretty bad for the disassembly portion of the game, meaning the whole point of the game is not good. The shooting range of the game handles incredibly poorly, meaning there is nothing really worth playing this game for.You can honestly find better games on flash sites.
Early Access ReviewSeems like nothing kills a good game faster than game developers who simply don't care about the players who they're designing the game for.6-man squads? As if it wasn't hard enough getting 1-2 dedicated friends for a game like this.Oh and you can't group up to 6 people, so it's 2 randoms for your group, who steal your loot at forge, go rush 6 people with them, and then lobby before you can even res them back.From a unique class based battle royale, to something a bit like Fortnite, without the building, with more RNG including random teammates if you want a full team (SO exciting not knowing whether you're going to be playing with illiterate adults or actual children!) and NO INGAME VOICE.
Overly complicated with way too many ingame purcases, I would rather just pay for the game. It is very difficult to get into, go by Grid instead. (This game is not worth the download time).
This game will make you quit and delete it in a few games as you play. The blance of this game is just no where to be seen, and the grind is just one of the main problem, it makes you think the boosters will help but it wont do to much, And before the grind got screwed up their used to be a opiton to just buy the weapons or vechiles without talking a long time. Even other games such as world of Tanks or War Thunder could let you get it right off the bat. This game surely needs a reboot because this game anit going far, its only makes other WWII games much better than this, sure it dose have good maps and nice graphics but it dosent cover the rage and pain to deal throught a game. My word for it never get it untill theirs 3 good reviews in a row on it.      And if not just dont get it will save your lifetime. And for the people who have this game heres a note. Never give a single penny to this game it wont do you much now. And also if you do play it go for German its the only team that can win with its rediculos unbalnce team. (Updated) To add this on since its been a while I will admit this, they got the idea and the feel of what's it's like in the war, the guns and weapons are well detailed and the hard work of the people who did this much on the visual of the game is great. But since I haven't played it in a while my bets it's not much changed maybe half grind but the balance of the game is still a mystery. Overall give it a shot at least if you want but don't give a penny to them, because if we stop giving them the cash maybe they will finally fix some of the major problems in this game. But anywho take care you guys and fight on in the war! (updated 11/11/16) Since its veterans day i thought playing this game would do it, but it really didnt. For whats new going on about this just gettign worse and this whole game might abandon ship.       They got ride of bikes and the old trucks from the spawn point witch really is sad because thats the simple way to go to one place or another and not have to be forced to buy a truck. repairs in this game is just more sad because paying that much your lossing about 21,000 coins in that game for just that one weapon. still no since of balence of guns or ranks, grind is still not great, and the game balence of when their 3 enemy planes and your team has none. Idk who did there reserch but surely they didnt had much logic of having something little balence in the game. Buying gold is just pathic, just have it at simple numbers like 4.99 or 9.99 its that easy.      Maybe they need to get a buck more to survie but surely this game is still have no single thing of redemtion in it. For just something simple, have the game or balence of ranks, teams and guns, dont charged alot of paying or repairing weapons, and at least have some respect of whats the purpose of the game. This game has places where battle  acutally happen, and all over 70million lives lost in the war total, weaither its axis, allies or even citizens you really need to know whats it just like being in their shoes. So this game works but still not even, if you want to try it go ahead, but dont donate to them, if there going to screw you over in the future. A suggestion of another game would be Post Scriptum as it has no pay to win, alot more balanced, and a bit more content in my opinion, as its still early game but its more playable than H&G.
I have been playing this game since 2013, before it was on Steam, so Steam probably shows no time played. First off, the game is decent. It can be fun at times and there are plenty of vehicles to use. I will acknowledge it does have SOME good aspects. But sadly, the bad outweighs the good.First off, the mods are people who are being paid by Gaijin to ensure nothing bad is ever said about the game. If you even mention something about the game in either the chat or the forums, you will get banned. The mods do not warn and do not give any reasons for it. They just claim you verbally abused them while they just do nothing about people actually throwing out racial slurs and other actual verbal abuse. So do not play this game if you want to be able to talk openly about it.The other major problem is that Gaijin NEVER fixes anything. There have been issues with the game people have been asking to be fixed since 2013 and they have still never even been looked at. But then again, with how the mods always ban everyone for mentioning there is a problem with the game, that may be why. They also continually change aspects of the game that are for no other purpose than potentially getting more money from people.
Early Access ReviewNew microtransactions killed the game for me. You can't even complete all of the challenges without paying $10 USD for a premium pass every 60 days. I'd be fine if it was a one time purchase, but requiring me to purchase a pass to complete 100% of the challenges every season just destroys the game for me.It was fun up until this update.
Early Access ReviewAVOID THIS GAME AT ALL COSTS, READ BELOW.This used to be a fantastic game, one of very few games where I would come back time & time again because although F2P it didn't overly push you to spend real-world money.  Well that didn't last.There was a change last year that completely unravelled all the years of hard work that FreeJam had clearly put into this great concept.  There was an epic paradigm shift that has simultaneously both screwed over long-term players who had reached a high level in this game, accruing many parts and made it near impossible for new players to have any sort of progression or great hights to aim for.  This is further compounded by the massive tilt of the game economics towards forcing people to spend money via a headlong dive into the Pay2Win model.I feel the need to remind everyone that THIS GAME IS ONLY IN BETA!  FreeJam expect people to drop serious cash on a game that is neither finished nor actually released in the traditional sense - You can spend $60 on console and receive a polished, finished AAA title with no need to spend any further cash if you don't want to.  The FreeJam business plan seems akin to Honda charging you $100,000 for a new car that isn't out yet, keeps asking for more money, it may or may not have wheels/seats/roof and degrades faster than milk.
After playing actively for 2 hours, I cleared less than 40 levels, and didn't even unlock a single achievement. From looking at their list, it looks like I'm very, very far from even completing the 'beginning'. Okay. Maybe it works for you if you wanna spend thousands of hours on the game. I like my clickers light and fun. This one is fun, until you realize there's nothing else coming.A thumb up for the formation system, a welcome addition for strategy, Most of the rest is just taken straight from earlier clicker games. Other than that, been there, done that, casual gaming won't come out stronger thanks to that game.
It used to be good. Now it turned into extremely unballanced, rage-inducing, crate-opening pay to win game.A huge tank with lots of weapons and shields can be easily taken out by a tiny drone that was lucky enough to unbox an epic missile launcher. And don't even think about flying higher than 5 meters; the game has many ways to counter aircraft, however there is no way for the aircraft themselves to counter ground attacks. There is no way to deflect an incomming missile, no way to jam enemy radars (which also are not a thing anymore).All the screenshots are nice, but do not expect to see anything like that in the game itself. The most efficient way to play is to just create a wide gunbed and mindlessly throw guns at it.Yes of course there are special devices like the ghost module or the jump drive or whatever is it called, but those will not help you because 95% of your opponents will just be spraying area damage all over the place.I haven't played this game a lot, but I have experienced all of it in last couple years, and I can say that it is one of those rare early access games that started with a great and complex gameplay, only to get over-simplyfied and spoiled by people willing to pay money for easier gameplay. Just look at flying; it used to be difficult to build an airplane, you had to put engines on without throwing the balance off, now you don't need engines at all, the wings have in-built hover thrusters. Getting in the air is just a matter of holding spacebar on a single spot.Before, you had to have radar on your robot that would help you locate enemies, you could share your radar coverage with allies using network relays, you could have radar jammers that would make you invisible to enemies with weaker radars, you could play with no weapons only as a scout or a stealth recon aircraft.Now - all that is gone. No radars, no jammers, no relays.There were only three main weapon types; SMGs with low damage but relatively fast firing speed for close-range combat, plasma cannons with high damage output, low fire rate and with artillery projectiles for medium range, and laser rifles for long range combat. You had to find balance between these weapons and you had to learn how to use them properly.Now all you need are flaks with high damage, high fire rate and long range, or missiles that lock on and can't be countered at all.Would I recommend it? Only if you have enough spare money to spend on crates or enough patience to keep dying (or rich parents, ya never know)
Early Access Review(I KNOW THAT MY REVEW MAY SUCK AND HAVE NO SENSE, BUT WHATEVER)I've played this since there were tiers in this game. I've enjoyed it so much then,but now...These new updates literally destroyed the game. EVERY. SINGLE. UPDATE.First, they removed tiers and added rankings; then they added megabots; then they removed tier blocks, research points(forgot their name) and megabots and added PREMIUM COLORS, LIKE WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥?!? Then...this update, with CSGO crates and they removed premium currency...WHY?!? and now you can buy premium items, which is like why the ♥♥♥♥.the currency is now gained ONLY from disenchanting. You gain resources from crates that you get at every end of the battle. You get only junk from the crates and, well...disenchanting what u get will give tou really little dust. So, R.I.P new players.So, now this game is Hearthstone combined with World of Tanks.Also, the ranking is gone and now level 1 people, with level 1 SMG's and lvl 1 plasma launchers can meet shotgun, grenade launcher and all those ♥♥♥♥♥.So, this game is now really REALLY bad. New players will have no chance in this game and pro players will just leave the game because of how bad this game has become.So, R.I.P Robocraft. Beginning was awsome, now a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I really hope that the old updates could somehow come back...
It takes 20 minutes to load multiplayer, and theres a 75% chance it will crash. I havent played before 2.5 but I heard it's preformance was much better than now. I have an i5 760, but it should still be able to load the game. Fix the preformance then it's a 7/10.The flight realisim and immersion was just what I wanted when getting a PC moving from a Xbox 360 as a kid. The community like 104th_Mavrick and many niche other youtubers/streamers are great. But the modules are too overpriced and the game cant be played without them. I would personaly rather buy the game at a 30-40 dollar price tag and progressivly unlock the planes somehow, maybe thats just me.
the game used to be decent but with the most recent big patch the game has been screwed over majorly, basically almost any plane can one-shot any other plane even if the killer has no upgrades and has a terrible plane such as a biplane. The game has been screwed over and is next to impossible to play for newer players and veterans alike.
used to be a good game,now its unplayable,if u didnt try it yet,dont bother,played 11 k hours but i cant understand point of making defense of the league of the storm out of by far once best moba outthere...wp volvo u did it.
The game is well designed and a lot of effort has been put into developing it. Great soundtrack and audio details.However, a user can play a very limited part of the game, unless you want to disburse a lot of cash for several kinds of in-game purchases! Second, the pairing and fighting combination dont make any sense! One can be a beginner stage and the game pairs you with legendary other unknown users! Plus it takes a long while in the game to understand the mechanisms of the several functionalities cards have, thus creating misunderstanding, confusion and frustration at the end of versus gaming. The user never gets feedback on what went wrong and how you lost! Highly not user friendly.If you have 200 hrs to learn how to manuever this game, go for it, otherwise it is very frustrating. No steam achievements and there is no communication platform with other users.
When you have 2.1k hours nearly $1,000 USD spent on a game youd assume when an issue prevents you from logging in the support team would handle it quickly, its been 2 weeks since my support ticket has been open and its still not resloved. Trion is known for their poor support system now I know first hand
be a much better game if it didn't SCREW YOU OVER half the time you play it in actual multiplayer, the game itself is great most of the time, but it almost always makes it so one player is almost guaranteed to win no matter what while the other player gets next to nothing they can use.
1.03 brought me back, and reminded me of all the reasons i left in the first place. I don't like the Ground Combat. Hell, the only that kept me going was the promiss of Air Combat and i didn't even get that far, the cost for some of these units is just too much. being able to rate your battles is a nice feature btw.Not worth my time.
Early Access ReviewHi-Rez is exceptionally good at ruining games.  Realm Royal started off great with 104,557 peak players.  100k players for a game in early alpha with a ton of bugs is actually impressive.  But then where did 97% of the player base go?  EZ.  Hi-Rez Studios has skill.  They have the skills to turn everything they touch into♥♥♥♥♥♥  10/10 would uninstall again.
piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game, piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥balance, piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥moderation team, piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥developers.EDIT: How to delete Gaijin.Net after uninstalling this awful game:Go to AppData/Local/Delete everything with the name GaijinRemove Gaijin.Net from autostartDone.
Early Access ReviewTo any game developers looking for a good idea, take what Robocraft was 2 years ago, don't do any of the stuff that these devs have done, and release the game.We will buy it.I give this game a shot every 3-4 months to see where they are going with it.  Regretfully, I am giving up on this game, having no hope for it's future and an unlikely return to it's former glory.I used to love building bots and would spend whole sessions building and testing without ever even getting to the fight, but when I go back now, the only designs that seem particularly effective are hideous.  You used to be able to build pretty craft that still functioned effectively.Pay to Play was the nail in the coffin for this game.  They're still calling it 'Early Access' while they rake in plenty of cash,
I wanted to like this game, I really did, but I'm lucky if I get literally get two minutes of good game time in before the game crashes AGAIN, or freezes AGAIN. How am I supposed to level up my dragon if I have to reopen and close the game five times during each quest?
Early Access ReviewLike, I know Artix is trying his best and it's tough being a small team of devs tryna make their very first 3D game but it's 2016 dude, it looks *awful*. Like, absolutely terrible. If you're having issues with the art style, cel shade it. Cel shading looks amazing and costs next to nothing to produce. I can't say anyone would enjoy this until the UI, the art style and combat mechanics are polished and finished. Sorry man, but give it time and work on cel shading. It'll save you time and money.
If you like to be brow beat by a system that is setup to ensure you loose, then this is the game for you. You can either play against the computer that has the decks and special lanes rigged so that you may win here or there, but most of the time it's "thanks for the money to play, you lose so please pay more to try again." Or you can play PVP against people that have been playing since the beginning when the game was easy to build up and they have perfect decks. Of course you can pay them $70 to get a fist full of random cards and hope that you get something that isn't garbage. No luck? That's okay, you can pay another $70 and try again. Again, great game if you're into no-win scenarios.
Grind gems to get gems to grind gems to get gems to grind gems to get gems to grind gems to get gems to grind gems to get gems to grind gems to get gems to grind gems to get gems to grind gems to get gems to grind gems to get gems to grind gems to get gems to grind gems to get gems to grind gems to get gems.<200 Hours Later>Get frustrated then pay for booster boxes that drop gem dust, but they don't drop any. Cry yourself to sleep. Uninstall.Might just want to skip to that last bit and uninstall. You'll save yourself (and your wallet) a lot of trouble!TL;DR: Trion introduced an update that skipped the part where they add actual content and instead introducted an incredibly repetitive grind. This grind isn't user friendly or fun, it's there to persuade people to fork out a couple hundred bucks to skip it. Though once you do that, you'll realize that this game as a whole is empty.
Plus Assistant is clearly a Pay to Win feature, this game is not competitive anymore it's a who have more Premium time available from now on.Sad decision.See for yourself: http://www.dota2.com/plus 
Early Access ReviewBefore the most recent major update, the game was okay.But now, there is no heading back. The new update effectively kills any fun this game had."Removal" of ranks, well, not really, they got rid of one stat and are now doing MM by block amount, which is stupid. So now newbies get absolutely wrecked from the start, and will stop playing. This pretty much affects all tiers now, which didn't happen as badly as before.Don't give these guys money. If you insist on playing, bot and cost them server time.
Infestation: The New Scam in a Nutshell:Join a ServerGet spawnkilledWait for reviveJoin a different ServerBe lucky to not get shot after you spawnedWalk aroundGet lootGet snipedClose the gameUninstall itInstall some fun game instead
Early Access ReviewHonestly this was a really good game, it's kind of like a free Minecraft with buggy monsters. But unfortunately the game devs decided to rip 90% of the game out and post it so you have to pay money to get the game's contents, if they're going to make a FREE game full of horrible glitches that make monsters teleport into your well lit with doors house, by walking through the door while it's closed and force you to pay them 20$ for only the stuff they removed from the game to force you to play it, that's stupid. It sucks, because I worked a long time to build my castle, only to not be able to use it.Just get Minecraft.
This game is great, but it is so boring to the point where I was yawning while playing this game. The huge big flaw is that the early duels are way to easy! I have seen NO ONE (Exept for the Legendaries) PUT A CARD DOWN IN DEFENCE MODE OR PUT DOWN A SPELL OR TRAP CARD! If you go second in any battle you basicly win, if the game decides to give you monsters you can throw down and not just spell or traps.(yes that can actually happen. I lost twice do to that happening). Like I said its way to easy early on (don't know about later on), but when I fight 30 some different people (not PVP) I SHOULD NOT SEE THE SAME MONSTER OVER AND OVER JUST THROWN IN ATTACK POSITION! With complete lack of any, absolutly, none, not a sigle piece of the AI doing strategy. No Spells, No Traps, and no Defence. This makes almost half the spell and traps cards useless because you beat them so hard you dont even need spells or traps. (except pvp where spells and traps are REALLY important. Don't just do what the AI do.). This is basicly a battle in this game The AI throws down 1 card in attack position and thats it. Then its your turn to basicly steam roll the AI with actual good cards with traps and spells. Can I ask who thought that having ONLY 3 SPOTS TO PLACE YOU MONSTERS,TRAPS AND SPELLS ON THE FIELD!? This has no regard to strategy even against the Legendary duelist, beacuse they only rarely put down spells and traps. Even if they do that half the time they dont even use them so just keep attacking and you win. You can win even without tribute summons and fusion summons. Just use the lvl 4 and below and you can basicly beat almost every duelist (except for pvp which actually has you going against people that know how to play well.). PvP is so terrible as well. It's good, only if you can stay in a match to completion and not get disconnected and get counted as you lost the game, even though you didnt quit. Then the game kicks you out and you lose. Just how? In what world is this system even fair? The AI is pathetic and the only good duels are pvp if you can actually finish and not glitch out! This game is GOOD, all it needs is a AI update and change the feild so you can put down 5 monsters or 5 spells and traps, AND PUT IN AN ACTUAL SHUFFLE CODE SO WE DONT GET USELESS TRAPS AND SPELLS WHEN WE NEED LVL 4 AND UNDER MONSTERS! Plus the pvp fix so its not glithcy and you can't just drop out and lose. These things should be easy, to fix. Take the game F.E.A.R even after 13 years that game still has the best 1st person shotter AI. Show me a 1st person shooter game that has better AI than F.E.A.R. The point is if a 13 year old game still has better AI than every 1st person shooter, than this AI should be even better or at least as good, so they just dont throw one monster down in attack. Once that happens you win, they can NEVER get the control back. These make it so whoever goes second pretty much instantly wins do to the huge advanteges you get for going second. The player who goes first dosnt get to draw a card at the begining of the game and cant attack, but the second player gets to draw and attack. After the second player goes then the first player gets to draw. Which im hopeing I dont need to explain how stupid that is. All this game needs is a couple of updates and fixes and you have a great almost perfect game. But for now stay away from this boring trash.
Early Access ReviewIt's hard to get into the game with how ridiculous they are at changing how the game is played ever-so-often. They even removed some of the core parts that were necessary for beginners like I. I felt it was pointless to continue after these several changes were made, and that these team-based rounds were nothing but a cycle of madness with only such repetition being made countless times, as every time I upgraded my parts, I still end up getting my face wrecked by someone who has even higher level parts than I do. Trying to constantly change my playstyle to even beat a round or two just made the playing experience all the more convoluted, and flight is just as bad. There is no way in hell, as a beginner class, are you going to be able to fly decently in this game, especially after the most recent patches I last saw. The game's devs have basically ♥♥♥♥ed with the game so much, that playing this game is just pointless and not even as fun as it was since I first saw it (which was two years ago). It would have been more enjoyable had some major overhauls that they made to the game did not redact from what it originally was to begin with. (In other words: if it isn't broken, don't fix it).And it's surprisingly still in early access.I still don't understand why they almost seem to be treating this as an official release rather than what is supposed to be a game that needs improvement, because I really doubt it has gotten any better since the day I uninstalled it.The only thing that makes it fun is building your own robot, whether on wheels, feet, or in the air; the creativity part of this game is what makes it good. The major downside to this is how limiting the parts are, which, in order to get any more of these things, you would have to endlessly grind on these online matches just to advance to the next tier of parts, and good luck trying to maintain how much you have to spend on repairing your robots and what parts you have to spend on vs. how much you actually get per round.
Early Access ReviewThis game is FULL OF ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ RUSSIAN SERVERS which means 600 ping .... Sad i hope there are Europe servers Soon because the game looks really fantastic but servers and ping is the issue atm... i'll be waiting for EUROPE SERVERS for this game :)
Early Access ReviewI really liked this game. This was my first BR, and I wanted to support a new project. I've had some great triumphs in this game, and some terrible defeats. HiRez isn't transparent, doesn't communicate, and they ran this game into the ground by implementing terrible changes to the game without any focus on balancing. I really hope they turn it around with console, because they've pretty much blown it on PC. I would not recommend playing this game because of the RNG on loot chests and the lack of motivation to engage in combat. It's not a battle royale game, it's a hide-and-seek game.
Unimpressed with it so far. There just hasn't been enough done with this game to keep me interested at this point. After having SimBin games before this is really just the same feel with no multiplayer or career. We need racing sims to be complete upon release and not just time trials. They also need to have a racer vs AI single player career mode that moves you up through the ranks along side the multiplayer. I had high hopes that by now more was don after seeing it a year ago. Just disappointed with it and looking forward to Project Cars to see what they do.
I have more than 2k hours of playing this game now with a high elo in some gamemodes like arena and assault. And how do I get rewarded for those achievements? I get paired with people who don't even have 50 hours of gameplay against a team of balanced players. You see, because I have a high elo, Hirez's algorithm thinks that if I get paired with people with low elo, my elo will balance it out to a regular match. So I go positive or almost in all my games, almost always top dmg, and still can't win because I get at LEAST a lvl 20 feeder every match... The worst part is that when you try to give tips to those people on how to get better, they get really defensive and toxic... This really, really ruined the game to the point that it's completely unplayable for me. It's been a problem for years, but recently, it's been the worst it's ever been for me
The game is okay. I guess it's good yeah sure, but the game itself has no color. No life. Looks so dead, boring and colorless. 2 hours into it I feel so tired already(doesn't happen to mmorpg's I like).Try it and see for yourself. If you like it, then good for you. If not, well yeah, I feel ya.Again, it's a good game but it feels so lifeless so I had to drop it. I'll give it a 6/10.Cheers!
Early Access ReviewNot much fun. Has wacky armor and thats all that it has. If you are looking for a battle royale alternative, this is not it. The controls are like trying to steer someone through syrup.
I played it once and it lost its magic. You have to pay for more guns and after you've done one gun you've done them all. It's seems like a game that would be very cool but is very bland and they threw in the mini-games to fix that but it didnt help at all. Fun at first but has no replay value.
I may not have as many hourse as some other reviewers here, but I did play the game quite a lot when it first came to Steam and then some a few months down the line in short bursts. I will say that like the others here, I have noticed the game gradually try to add in more and more ways of taking your money. PvP gradually became less and less balanced, and PvE was a grindfest of repeating dungeons over and over with little reward. If you\'re new and wanting to try it out, sure. It\'s still a fun game. But don\'t expect to stick around for the long haul, where real progress actually matters.
Early Access ReviewIt's no secret that Eternal is "inspired" by Magic: the Gathering. It's sort of flabbergasting just how much is inspired though. This game is so similar that I'm surprised it's even legal.Seriously, can you do that? Can you just take someone else's game, simplify it, give it wooshy graphics, and publish it without getting sued? If so, this is a great career path for anyone interested in game design with no capacity for it.
Do not waste your time on the tank mode of this game.You will be one-shotted in any tank you choose, (except the later tiered Russians of course)So many bugs and glitches, (Like invisible bombs falling from the sky, with no indication and no planes on the minimap)I was playing in a Tiger E and I drove about 10 meters away from an enemy Tiger II H. I shot him directly in the cheeks of his turret, on GREEN. (Green, indicating you can penetrate.) And it bounced.Russian tanks are overpowered and can practically one-shot any tank. Which makes playing any other line pointless and not fun at all.BR (Battlerating) Is absolutely ♥♥♥♥ed. (Tier 3 tanks with 4.0 battlerating get's placed in tier 5 tank matches with 7-8 battlerating.)Paid $50 for golden eagles. Which got me to tier three. (gg)Glitchy repairs (The timer resets randomly sometimes, even if you don't get shot or anything. So you'll be on a minute repair, it get's down to like 20, and then it resets and goes to a minute again.)You can get oneshot/shot from across the map. (Literally, be careful going 25 feet away from spawn, you can and will get one-shot/shot.)Spawnkilling, yup, no spawn protection, no cover. You can literally spawn and be one-shotted.The list goes on and ON with bugs and glitches that they don't fix.-Honestly It's a waste of time, They refuse to fix these glitches and bugs, and I heard somewhere that they were going to BUFF the RUSSIANS. (?????????????????) THE ♥♥♥♥? Now, I don't know if that's true, but.. damn.-Planes is a lot nicer, but It's boring.
Early Access Reviewthis game was a shining star back in the old days off robocraft, but with the removal off tiers, tier blocks, and some other stuff i just don't find this game fun anymore, for example i had over 1k tier x blocks... NEW UPDATE you don't have those blocks anymore enjoy these mother ♥♥♥♥ing tier 1 block instead.....i want a refund on the money/rp that went into them blocks. i do not recomend this game as long as they don't bring all the tiers back because then it chould be fun. that's all i have to say
TLDR up front: Has its pros and cons as a game, but if you aren't A: loaded, and B: a super-hardcore combat flight simmer, for the cons it has, this game seriously isn't worth your money... and oh boy, you are going to have to fork it up to buy in. If you want to know why I think that, read on.So, I have a few hours in the Steam version, and many, many more in standalone. I have a handful of modules. Why am I coming to Steam to make this review despite being a standalone player? Because seeing this in Steam is what got me to check it out in the first place, and I'm lucky I got my nose in the community enough to get warned away from the Steam version. As for the pros of this game, there are more than enough glowing reviews of this game to tell you the pros, so I'm going to focus on why I'm not recommending this. I'll save the problems with the Steam version for other negative reviewers in here, as they have more skin in the game than me. So here goes:My first gripe with this game is that the actual gaming content just isn't there. There's no dynamic campaign to speak of (what is this 1995?) despite dynamic campaigns otherwise being the industry standard, the mission editor is weak and doesn't have a big community (like Arma's) hammering out content, there is almost no professionally developed co-op content to speak of, multiplayer is lacking with the exception of a couple community dynamic campaigns, and the on-rails singleplayer campaigns are "meh" at best. Yeah, flying is fun, but if I was looking to have fun just flying I'd look at a different game, I'm here to fly high performance aircraft and blow stuff up. Eagle Dynamics (ED) needs to step their game up, literally. This game deserves much, MUCH better content, which leads in to my next point.That point is that the DLC modules (AKA the planes you buy), are obscenely expensive. This is a true example of the Gillette razor business model. They give you the razor for free, and they charge your pants off for the blades. Most of the planes in this game are sweet, they're thorough, they're modeled to a greater level than pretty much every other civilian simulation out there... but when you don't have the content in which to REALLY have fun with these modules, their intrinsic value drops like a rock. You cannot convince me to drop 80 bucks on an early access F/A-18, when AAA titles that have solid gameplay from start to finish, to post-completion are consistently $60. I have bills to pay ED, and not everyone that plays your game is some kind of filthy rich flight-sim snob that has hundreds and hundreds of dollars to blow on DLC. The absurd cost of these DLC modules seriously makes me think you guys believe that. I get that development is expensive, but you have to price this stuff at a level that makes sense for the consumer; and with the state of the gameplay itself, it really doesn't help justify the high cost of these modules.I am a pretty serious flight simmer, I have been at it since I was a little kid and the cost still just doesn't add up. $80 for a plane that I can jack around with in instant action, play a campaign that will be fun once and only once, hope there is some community developed co-op for (if I were actually able to get my friends into this game), or play multiplayer with a bunch of people I don't know... or I can pay $60 for a full feature AAA title that I know is going to be a great time? Heck, I'd probably rather just buy a $30 indie title that I know I will lose hundreds and hundreds of hours in. They charge you for the maps besides Georgia, they charge you for WWII assets, they charge the crap out of you for the buggy land warfare module, they charge you $60-70 for the other top-of-the-line modules, they charge you for additional campaigns. Assuming you already have a great rig to play this on; getting a HOTAS and headtracker (the minimum required peripherals IMO) AND the price it costs to get the full fidelity planes you want, the buy in cost for this game is ridiculous. That's not counting the cost of planes down the line, if you want to get into VR, or whatever other side assets like maps or vehicles they're going to charge you for.That's why I seriously don't recommend this game: the cost-to-fun ratio is seriously not there. That's coming from a sim-aviation enthusiast, and a general gaming enthusiast. Unless you see yourself building an all out sim-pit in the future, just about any other lower-fidelity combat flight simulator out there will give you a better time, and you actually have a chance to get some of your friends to buy in and play it with you.
Early Access ReviewThis game is basically just a mixture of COD and CS:GO, Ironicly i like both games but this is just a... whats the word oh yeah, TRASH! Screwed up Physics = Dying for running to a teammate??!?,Why is there team collison and not enemy collison? and The worst thing is The ♥♥♥♥ing Hitbox. the only good thing about this game are There are less Raging Russians and not p2w. 3/10
Early Access ReviewThis game is a free to play knock off CSGO. The guns are the same as CSGO and you even purchase them the same way too. If you know how to play CS then you know how to play this. There is even a knock-off dust2 and aim map. It's almost hilarious how this game even exists. Seriously, do yourself a favor and just play CS. It was kinda funny to play a really bad csgo, actually it was hilarious, but I don't think you'll ever play this game more than twice. With that being said, I cannot recommend this unless you need something to play until you can earn $15 to buy CSGO.
Where to start?So, i've been playing since alpha and the one thing that has a been a steady constant through-out this game's gradual release is that they have "NO" constants what-so-ever. Now don't get me wrong i fell in love with this game, and had sooooo many fun hours and have met some amazing people who i still talk to even though i don't play much anymore.So why have i given it a negative?10v10 or 7v7 - now only 5v5Map Shrinks - Try avoid that drone now lolMegabots - Simply removedDrones.....DRONES!!!Old Style medic guns had a dmg use and took skill to aim - now auto aim only and no secondary dmg ability.Tech trees of old - Nothing at all now (although they are putting this back in i hear, another old idea they are going back to AFTER the release of the game /facepalm)CPU/weapon energy being important - In the past this system has come and gone multiple times.Tiers (ie. a place for seal clubbing) was a BAD idea when it was first implemented, was thankfully removed - This is coming back soon....really? REALLY GUYS??? new players won't stay long.They jumped right on the loot crate wagon and have since been trying to back out of the whole idea with their tail between their legs. SHAME! (again they are reverting back to the old system, sense a pattern yet?)Meta Bots - (ie the top robot for very high MMR matches) isn't it balanced you ask? Not in the slightest, Drones have dominated the top tier for well over 2 years now (they have varied in design but the fundamentals have always stayed the same) They are too quick at turning, they can take more damage than something that size should be able too, a team of 5 drones all with backup medic guns (remember these just auto aim) will make any well organised group quit if they aren't willing to buy this said "meta" bot of the crf.My final point is about the Community Robot Factory (CRF) -  This simply killed the game off. No longer do you need to understand the mechanics of the game, simply type "drone" or "meta" into search engine and hey-presto you have a top tier robot. The game seemed split after the release of the CRF of people who could build and those who couldn't. So to close, i would love so much to recommend this to you but i can't, i used to joke that robocraft is 1 game but feels like i've played 10 different games over the years. The joke's not funny anymore guys. For any who knew me (Illustrate) in-game, i salute you all with a HooT ^O.O^
If you aren't in the know, the game its self...it is what it is. It's like Sim City: Fallout Edition. You micromanage a vault. This is a 1:1 copy of the mechanics from the other versions of the game. It's interesting enough but it very quickly loses it's luster once any challenge vanishes from the game later on when resources are no longer a limiting factor. To me, anyways. Your mileage may vary.That aside, I'm not really sure what Bethesda is playing at with this. The obvious answer is for more money from microtran$action$ but anybody who wanted to play this game has already played it. Also as of now this is just a very poor port of a mobile app to Steam. Just play the mobile app or the iPad version if you haven't played the game already and want to.
Early Access Reviewhave folowed development for 2 years (yes the horible browser launcher) and game does not change to any  significant degree. sadly this game is not free to play but free to try becouse you will need to pay if you want to do anything else than run around with a gun as standart inf. this is not a bad thing but tanks are not balanced properly as they dominate. yes as inf you CAN kill it but good luck on open ground with that.so is this game funs as inf. well it can be however gun play is clunky at best (it got worse from last time i played it on browser). there is bad mouse accel wich makes aiming an absolute pain and no way to turn it of. the attacking team is at a BIG disatvantage becouse the camping side has a good atvantage due to 1 headshot kill mechanics (hard to pull of on moving targets) and how difficult it can be to spot ppl. HOWEVER getting headshots and kills is verry rewarding and there is real tension due to 1 shot kills. conclusion: the game is verry good in places and at times however it is pay to win becouse everything that isn't standart inf is clearly better to a more or lesser degree. the game has issues balance wise and some smaller ones in other departmends but don't count on any of them being fixed sins there were no noticable changes in my 2 to 3 years of not playing the game. there are better free to play shooters and this game is only free to play in the most strict meaning of the word.
Product received for freeEDIT, 22 Nov 2018: Wow. Just... wow. If you're here for ship-to-ship combat, I gotta say that WoWS does it better. Sorry, but it's true.EDIT, 27 May 2018: I have almost 1200 hours in-game?! WHY DO I KEEP DOING THIS TO MYSELFEDIT: With about 850 hours played at the time of this edit, clearly I am not paying attention to my own negative recommendation. I do enjoy the game, and recommend it to anyone playing WoT as the "Next Step" in tank combat games. WoT feels pre-pubescent in comparison. If you want air combat or to blast people with tanks, or both, try this out. Many things have changed in War Thunder since I began, good and bad, but I keep coming back. The GUI is still garbage, but I know how it works now. I'm going to keep my recommendation negative, because WT is very hard for new players to get into.::::: What follows was my first impression after about 4 hours of play ::::: Yay, planes. Yay, tanks.Boo, matchmaking balance. Boo, one of the most unintuitive GUI's I've ever seen.It's fun the first few matches. The matchmaking system is merciful, and takes pity on the noobs. Suddenly, once you get a plane that happens to not be a biplane, regardless of whether you select a biplane to begin with, matchmaker decides that you are an elite ace pilot, and makes sure to never disappoint you by giving you any match that's too easy. Or fair.I can't for the life of me figure out this interface, either. If I want to do something like change a crew from Plane 1 to Plane 2, I apparently need to go buy some sort of manual for the game. Coming from certain other free games of this variety, I just cannot tell what they were thinking when they designed this thing.If I want to play in a match full of biplanes it seems I must send any higher tier planes on "holiday" and then go into the match so I don't get placed in a game with jet fighters by accident. Problem? If I mysteriously decide I'd like to fly a higher tier plane I've sent on holiday, I must do some sort of 're-purchase' of the crew, as if they'd all died in a barracks fire or perhaps choked to death on their bloody tea and crumpets while I was out. Can I decide which crew goes to which plane? Seems not.I like the gameplay. I absolutely abhor the GUI. Matchmaking needs help.Enter at your own risk. Godspeed.EDIT: After over 200 hours, I'm still learning new things about this GUI. Stockholm Syndrome has set in. I see the reasons they've done things in particular ways, but there's still a ton of room for improvement.I still can't really recommend the game unless you're at least mildly masochistic. Come, join me in the darkness, but don't say I didn't warn you.
If you love Minecraft and thought to yourself I wish gatheing things took longer and I wish I could make things like mineing ores more difficult and just to add to the fun I wish I could throw more of my hard earned money at this free game than I did buying Minecraft to actually have something decent. Then and only then would I reccomend this game to you But as a Terraria fan, having none of these thoughts and only a cousin who thought "it might be fun to play together" can not for the life of me reccomend this game to anyone if you want to play something like this and cant stand the 2D of the superior Terraria just go play Minecraft and save yourself some time, money, and headaches.
This game is so bad. Pay to win and combat loggers.First match. Spawn in gets killed by some one camping ion the dark with a Scar and I didn't even get to live 10 seconds. Servers are full. Don't bother downloading it.
How to destroy world's best game over years ? (More precisely gun mettle update)Ask Valve.Also as long as the pyro doesn't get a dramatic nerf, this game is unplayable and rage inducing.Pyro totally ruins the game's fun and skill fabric as it is designed for low intelligent and low skill players. Press W+M1 to win.
Once installed I decided it was not for me. So I uninstalled it via steam. But this game is like the worst malware ever. It didn’t uninstall, I can’t uninstall from the “add and remove programs”. There is also no uninstall.exe in the games folder. VERY POOR SHOW!
Not only pay to win as f*ck, but the AI is so f*cking bugged it will push you to lose just so you buy stuff with real money. Played 5 games, lost 5 times in a row since the beginning in less than 10 minutes. The AI CLEARLY favours a specific player, by making the other players fall on his/her tile constantly, buying the properties of all the other players (generally focussing on you...), etc.  
Early Access ReviewWhile I didn't play this for longer than a day, the absurd in-game currency prices make it either a play to win or a grind to play, or both. The idea is super awesome, and I know I would spend many hours making robots in their shop, if only I had the unlimited blocks to build. As far as the actual action gameplay, it looks really cool and has promise, but with matchmaking pairing me with experienced players(or just paying players) in unbalanced air vehicles while I'm still using default vehicles to try and get enough blocks to make or purchase a decent robot. After a solid 4 hours of straight playing, I was nowhere near having a halfway decent amount of blocks for my bot, and woefully far away from being able to get enough currency, for, well, anything. I certainly understand the appeal of this game: and I tried it despite the plethora of bad reviews it had, but really, I'm not gonna sink any more time into this. I have better games to play.
Early Access ReviewDO NOT BUY.The EXCUSE of it being early access is a LIE. This game has been out for YEARS in other regions and they improved/fixed none of the issues. In fact, they made it worse.For starters I was so excited for Bless Online. I really tried to enjoy it. I really really tried. In the end, I ended up having to request a refund.Bless Online is unplayable. From the crashes to the FPS issues and constant stuttering, it is infuriating trying to get out of the starting zone. This is if you can make it past the login/character select page without it freezing or having to close out multiple times and re-opening the game. Despite all the technical and horrible translation issues, the "improved" combat system is absolutely the worst. There is such a huge delay on the combo abilities that the combat seems slow, boring, and more of a chore than anything. I really do hope the developers actually buckle down and try again. Bless Online has so much potential to be something amazing, but until then I'll find something else to pass the time.
extremly repetitive and not so much custimization. I will be honest I like to grind but this was too much for me. everything is practicaly the same every lvl every weapon or piece of armor is all the same. nothing really changes in this game as you proceed.
Early Access ReviewI like shooters, but I'm not sold on this one yet.Amazingly frustrating game so far.  I think the concept is pretty good, but it is unbelievably unforgiving.  Kinda takes the fun out of it to spawn 20 times and die without a single kill.  Most of the time by people you never see.I guess that makes it realistic, but fun?  Meh not so much.Will keep trying to see if it improves for me but not holding out much hope.May 2016 update:RETO launched a new update yesterday.  To let players know how that went, I'll just say the following.  Their server was down for almost 24 hours immediately after launch.  When players actually got the chance to play....I found out that if you play tanks now and your tank dies you can have 5+ minute spawn times.  This wouldn't be bad if it wasn't so ridiculously easy for infantry to kill tanks...but it is.  And of course, friendly infantry rarely keeps an eye on tanks.  Why should they?  They gain nothing from helping tankers.  Do yourself a favor....pass on this game.
This game could be 10 times better than Witcher 3 or whatever 'game of the generation' epic caliber, but only for the fact that Gaijin installs an app essentially behaving like a malware on your PC, I cannot recommend this or any such piece of software. It does not make sense and is unacceptable from both user experience and technical perspectives. The only reasons I can imagine are some shady business / user data collecting techniques.The game installs a Gaijin.net agent without asking that starts everytime with Windows, unable to change it through any menu. I guess it can seed data to other users downloading through torrent, taking up your internet capacity, without you knowing. To uninstall completely, you have to uninstall everything in your Steam game folder (17GB was left there!), User/AppData and all Gaijin and War Thunder registry entries manually! This is just disrespectful. Shame on you Gaijin.Lesson learned: stay away from all that Gaijin does, at least until they fix this War Thunder malware and explain themselves completely and in a transparent way.26/6/2017 EDIT:People in the comments mention that the agent can be disabled in the launcher settings. I admit I probably did not try or missed this option before uninstalling the game and this might be a solution for some. I can't be arsed to install the game again and try on my own.However, any of this does not change my opinion or what I want to explain in the review, for the following reasons:- All the other games I played that have a launcher can auto-update without the need to have a suspicious background agent running- After you uninstall the game through Steam, there is no way to uninstall the agent which still keeps running! There is no launcher settings anymore to go and disable that, the game is uninstalled. You have to manually delete all files in folders and all associated reg. entries. I don't have to do this with other games or software I use...- As mentioned in my review, after uninstalling the game, there was still 17GB of data left in the Steam game library folder. that I had to delete manually again...- My 0.6 hrs played or PC skills have nothing to do with the reasons mentioned above as some complain in the comments.I do not recommend this software for the reasons mentioned above and obviously I did not play the game enough to be able to review the actual content (even though I played it a lot on ps4 before). Anyway, I believe my reasons are strong enough to write a review only about this aspect. If you have a different opinion, don't care about this and just want to play the game, fine.
Early Access ReviewI unlocked all of the shorts... won many games..... AND now they are locked and no way to unlock them...You work hard... get a reward and they take it away for no reason.
It's planes or tanks.  The plane sim is pretty poor.  For the price of a premium plane you can buy IL-2 1946 or cliffs of Dover.  Both are much much better.  So it's a no unless you have no money at all and want to get one shotted by fully upgraded fighters while your in a biplane.EditWARNINGThis game installs a hidden launcher on your computer.  You cannot view i9t through windows control panel and you can only get rid of it by manually deleting the registry.  Do not Download.  This game is basically a virus.
I used to love dota 2, however 7.00 patch... playtime has diminished from 3-5 hours every day to 1-2 games max, and its dwindeling further. Don't get me started on monkey king. Valve let the game down with this patch. Horrendus UI, broken monkey king, tons of changes nobody asked for.
STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME.Over 2k hours off Steam, finally quit this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Yet another game ruined by Trion... nothing new here.Mantle of Power was the last straw for me, it's sad how such a wonderful game went to♥♥♥♥♥♥by the same company that ♥♥♥♥ed up archeage, devilian, and a few other well known titles.It used to be a fun casual game you could enjoy with friends while making new ones, I've met a lot of great people on Trove. Now it's ruined by the "p2w" bs and worthless grind inducing schematics. If you want to waste your time go right ahead. You're better off doodling in mspaint rather than playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥
was in a battle royal match in the top 10 left change weapon game crashes 10/10 - IGN but srsly this game is buggy and laggy as ♥♥♥♥ right now I dont recommend playing this game right now but maybe when they fixed some crash problems
It's the best hunter game out there but the free-to-play model is stupid. First off they say you just need a license to hunt all animals. So i went and bought an 10 € 3 month license. I go to play thinking that "WOOO finally i can hunt everything".... NOPE i get my sights on an nice male moose but after i shoot i get told that my .243 rifle is too underpowered to kill a moose... So then i have to buy a new .300 rifle AND still i can't hunt all animals that i was promised. Now i need a shotgun for killing small animals like turkey, pheasants etc... AAND now i need a bigger backpack for 2 guns and all my ammo and equipment. Good thing you can earn the ingame currency from different tasks but they are extremely frustrating.So basically this game rips you off on the free-to-play side (free-to-play = you can only hunt some deer and rabbits) It's a good game but everytime i bought something i felt like i was getting screwed over because at first i was told i only need a license to hunt all animals but then i need all this extra equipment that costs MONEY. I feel like this game would be better off if it had a 25 € price tag on it.DO NOT download this game thinking that you can go hunting properly if you dont buy anything
This game is so unbalanced it hurts.The weapons are a massive grind to obtain and the classes are completly overpriced.Finding a server to play takes 2-5 minutes and I often find myself joining a server that is already mid-end game. 
Early Access ReviewTLDR: One of the best card games out there. Not recommended due to flawed (apparently unfixable) core mana/power mechanic.Comparisons to MtG and Hearthstone barely do it justice. While it drew inspiration from the two, the varied mechanics make every faction/color fight on equal footing. From aggro to midrange, or even late game mammoth decks, they all clash for a piece of the pie.Well, the same is valid for every card game! What makes this one special?The sheer feel of power your cards give. Compared to any other CCG, the strength of these cards is absurd. The feed-back you get from your deck (when you win) is that you stomped the opponent, even if the game was close. While losing has the reverse effect, the game doesn't let you dwell on the past. Rewards are given with every occasion: single player campaigns, AI games, first win of the day, and so on. You’ll have to keep your aspirations to a top tier place in check tough. Getting a decent collection still requires investment (time and/or money), as in every CCG.Other players have said more positives about the game than I could write in a limited space.As such, I will focus on why I gave it a negative mark.Like MtG, it suffers from power fixing issues: you either get too much or too little (mana/power flood or screw). They mended the algorithm several times, and yet, it is far from working. I won’t quote other players or streamers; suffice to say the issue is real. The amount of games lost due to mana/power issues is enough to make the grind tiring and unpleasant. As strange as it sounds, it’s even sadder when the opponent has it. Adding these losses up, you end up with a simple question: why isn’t there anything being done? Well, there is. Maybe. The communications regarding the issue is minimal. For me, the bigger question is why they chose the classical (MtG) style of mana/power fixing knowing the flaw it has. More so considering some of the main developers are former MtG players.The game is beautiful: fun mechanics, captivating games, great feed-back and rewards. But all of it is diminished to a zero line by its flawed core mechanic: mana/power fixing. A flaw I don’t believe will ever be fixed.Prove me wrong.
As someone who has put hundreds of hours into regular World of Tanks, this game fell astonishingly short. It takes the game of World of Tanks, and makes the teams about half as big. But what really sucks is it takes WOT and makes it way more cartoony, and childlike, and removes the artillery tanks. That, on top of the smaller teams, makes this a super fast-paced version, and takes out a lot of the strategy, replacing it with "skill" If you liked the game of World of Tanks, but it was too slow-paced for you, or you hated artillery, this is for you. Otherwise, if you are/were an avid WoT fan, this game will probably disappoint.
Early Access ReviewThis game is the worst/best game that I have ever playedPro: -Free to Play CS with COD features.-Not Pay to Win, most items are cosmetical.-Good way to grind time with friends.Cons:-Awful hit regrisation. -Weird Bugs (Ex: Getting close to a player will launch you in the air or die mysteriously).-Unbalanced gameplay-Dead MultiPlayer. Conclusion: It is a Mixture of CoD and CS with awful gameplay and bugs, a deformed baby of both parents.
A mixed bag if I ever saw oneOn the one hand it's kinda fun, on the other hand it kinda sucks.On the one hand I enjoyed myself, on the other hand I felt like I utterly wasted my time and the fact that I have played almost 30 hours of War Thunder (so far) tells me I should really get my life back on track.The game is immensely unbalanced and the much maligned russian bias is definitely real, hence your experience will oscillate cheerfully between fun and total frustration. Also there's the grinding aspect. There's more grind here than at a Napalm Death concert. Everytime you upgraded your spaceship of choice (don't tell me they handle like airplanes) to gain a slight advance you continue to squash your frontal lobe into some kind of gooey mush while trying to repeatedly break the grind wall. So, what do you have gain from this practice? Well, you get slightly better equipment which you use to grind to get better planes which you use to grind to get better equipment for that plane and so forth. It's tedious but absorbing, I completely understand how people can rack up hundreds and thousands of hours in this game. The monotony is strangely addicting, it's like getting a drug habit and like with any serious addiction you're gonna take it as far as you can go. I cannot even judge the fans and addicts, I completely understand it, but for me in the end the tedium won. The progression is so slow and meaningless I cannot take it anymore. I also take issue with the flight model in war thunder. In the arcade modes it doesn't feel like you're remotely on planet earth, in realistic and simulation modes it feels like you're balancing a broomstick on the palm of your hand.
You might notice that I have lke 5 hours in this game.  The only problem is I haven't actually played the game.  This is how long it's taken to set up.  From the convoluted control bindings that start right from the very first tutorial.  "Now press Ctrl+LShft+tilde and do three cartwheels to close the canopy".  To the display optons with only one resilution "Full screen"  (which doesn't even cover my full screen).  I'm gonna chalk this game up as simply broken and this review a reminder to myself to never try messing with it again.
Product received for freeI'd give it a mixed, but since I can't, I'll give it a thumbs up. It's not that good, but it's fun with irl friends vc and it's free, so yeah.(Edit: Changed my mind, get an error code 1032 way too ♥♥♥♥ing much.)(Edit again: Now, I have to redownload a gig of about 6000 files each time I play because it self deletes itself, really annoyed by this.)(Edit again, again. Graphic card issues? Seriously?)(Third Edit. Your grenade detection is♥♥♥♥♥♥
Early Access ReviewAs Free to Play the "not recommend" vote is mostly a "try it by yourself", as one cannot really complain.Anyway, the main defect of the game -for me- is that winning or losing a game mostly depends on the luck of the draw. I see not much strategy here. The game almost plays by itself. There are games where you're going to lose, no matter what. Not worth my time.
Early Access Review♥♥♥♥ this game. about half a year ago i loved this game, but since then, it has been updated and it has been ruined! 1: the developers has changed the maximum hp, well in theory this can be a good idea, it has ruined the game! you die in an instant, you can get oneshot with one of the base rifles, in the torso! you have under half the maximum hp as before! you get killed no matter what under a second i am not joking! 2: there is no main menu! you can either quit the game completely or log out, only to to be stuck in the loadout section without the ability change loadout or customize character because the game thinks your in a match! 3: no more casual domination! it´s been removed! you can no longer enter matches with low rank players without there being tanks, planes or overpowered weapons! you die! you just die! 4: fps is♥♥♥♥♥♥ when i played the game (when it was good) it had proper fps, but now it´s♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game has been RUINED! what happened?
Look, I'll admit I play more than my fair share, and will continue to play. I don't drop on real world cash on the game, and for good reason. Gaijin's entire monetary gain is based on your own frustration and bottlenecking you to put money down. You can play, sure, without spending any money, that's what I do, but the amount of time and effort you're going to expend: it's going to be at least 2x that of a premium player, and god forbid you want to try any vehicle that is premium based. Entire sections of the game (such as Italian tanks, most lend-lease/captured vehicles, certain camouflages, etc) are totally locked from players unless they drop real world cash on it or spends INSANE amounts of time on wagers which are extremely unreliable in themselves.Unlike most other games that these days encourage more "sportsmanlike" fighting, Gaijin is the exact opposite: punishing victims of teamkillers and rammers, encouraging spawn camping (both ways) and moreover empowering wallet warriors. From throwing coupons at you, to pointing out every game "Here's what you would get if you were premium", to parts/FPS/re-crewing grinding, and more... Gaijen has largely by far created a game that doesn't extract money by tricking you into lootboxes, or loud showy sounds or other psychological trick: it's often "Pay with your wallet or patience."I won't tell you to not play it, because it can be fun, I find it fun, I really do: but frankly, if you want a dev that actually cares about player feedback, don't play this game. If you want a game that is fully free to play, don't play this game. I could go on but... this became a dead horse beating.The fact of the matter is:For the love of god don't give Gaijin your money. They do not need any more encouragement. They really don't. Seriously. It's to such a point that you can find statements from Gaijjn employees that basically conflate player frustration / "grind" with profits. And if you're rich and you think this game is for you: don't be fooled. Even for the "whales", you'll feel the sting of things because notice how I haven't said, it's "pay to win". Because it's not: moreover, it's "pay to avoid spending excess time". You can buy the most expensive things in the game, you could buy every last bit of content in the game with real world cash, and ultimately, it won't give you any increase in skill or anything. You'll still find yourself sucker punched in spawn by a guided rocket, you'll still find yourself being dove on by a Chalka, you'll still get that single bullet hitting you that splits your aircraft in two.So just... play it, don't play it... just don't give Gaijin more of your cash until they stop abusing the player base.Because really, for those who actually shell out cash to this game, it's always an abusive cycle of...Legitimate Complaints -> Introduce Shiny New Vehicles -> Add More Microtransactions -> Legitimate Complaints.It's an abusive cycle, and frankly: it's only going to sour Gaijin and the player base more as it repeats.
Could be a nice casual game.Game play is too slow.  Animation for cards played, and results of cards played eat up alot of time.Too many confirmation pop ups.  I can hit 'esc' key and click 'concede' button 5-7 times before it actualy concedes.  Then I have to wait for the cut scene to ended, and slow load back to 'play' match.  Some games it takes me longer to concede and start a new match than the actual play time of the match.
Want a good CCG that takes a bit more thinking and strategy?Don't play this then, it is hearthstone with added quirks. Very stale gameplay that you have seen before in hearthstone. Oh and it has a terrible and badly thought up card draw mechanic that depends on how much damage you have taken.If you are looking for a new and fun take on the CCG genre, check out Gwent. 
I did like this game. Unfortunately, although it "supports" linux, When I try to launch it, it instantly crashes. Well... there goes about 10 hours of downloading.And there doesn't seem to be any fix for that, nor do the devs seem to care.WHY DONT YOU SIMPLY TEST YOUR GAME BEFORE RELEASING A PATCH, DEVS?ps: On ALL the platforms you claim to support
Early Access ReviewScore: 2/10 Date: (5/16/16) Update: Epic LootThe newest update "Epic Loot" has effectivly put a nail in the coffin for an otherwise great game.Pros: - Graphics are passable- Gameplay is conditionally good if you have high level rails from before the epic loot update.Cons:- Pay to win- Pay astronimical amount to win.- After paying an astronomical amount you will still need to randomly get rails in crates, or legendary IONs to compete with players who bought them in the previous update.- Cirtain weapons are pretty much pointless, nanos, smgs, tesla and plasma all fall short of rails.- A single high teir mech leg with an ion on it garentees you a win.- Matchmaker regularly puts your 300 point bot with 1500 point bots if you do well and will do it more often now as players leave.- The price of premium is 30$ a month if you buy it a day at a time like I used to and it doesn't give you anything really.- Sometimes your rails if you do have them randomly do not fire.- Often being the best player on your team will net you an inferior crate just because you happen to be on the losing team.- Random disconects will boot you off and them make you wait to get in a match considering you the same as a character that quit.- Freejam says everything is fine, just look at the recent reviews, they tell a very very ugly tale...
Its trash, and p2w. Great combo, played this back 2014 or so when it was in early access and it was pretty good. Now its just a bunch of kiddies going pew pew and whoever pays the most wins the most. This games path went down the samer road like Heroes & Generals, was great when it first came out but its p2w and so is this. If you want to try it out go ahead but dont get sucked in, because while building ships is fun, whoever has the best cannons and the most of that best cannon is the one to win that firefight. Just another free to play dumbed down trash game for mindless 5 year olds.
Early Access ReviewGood idea on paper - but so was communism. Developers live in a fantasy world, and only listen to daily player login counts instead of actual constructed feedback from its community.
Early Access ReviewTerrible. To a new player, this game is near impossible to play. Seems like everything you click on is an ad. You are lead to believe you have multiple options when making various selections, but it all just leads to more and more ads. Not to mention the gameplay itself is lackluster. Don't waste your time.
really the game was fun early on but after play it to room 300 you get this puppet that follows you and cant get away from he just hits you when ever and it makes it impossible to get past the small scares get boring this game is kinda a waste of time i do not recomend it. 
Early Access ReviewI mean... if you mostly play free games, this sure is a free game. If you don't play free games, well... this game feels like a ten year old, free to play mess with gunplay about as stiff as a corpse of the same age. Hilariously awkward, with guns that lack any sort of satisfying feedback but kill in a second flat, maps are usually so small you can throw a grenade clear across them too. I guess I could say the class-based mode and maps are much better, larger and fun but we both know better so listen: No matter the metric this game is throughly mediocre as far as shooters go and the only reason you'd be playing this is if you can't play a paid one. If that's your case, shame. If you CAN buy literally any other shooting game in the market, go ahead and go do that because it'll be much better.
re-review post launch.the greed hasnt gone away, you may note most (over 20000) of the people who have reviewed this have a key symbol NOT a steam symbol, meaning they got their copies for free or from third party sites. how strange that the same ratio is positive to negative reviews. the developers are still goose-stepping megalomaniacs, the game is still tedious, and its definitely not free to play.. its free to mess around in, free to look at, free to suffer through, but if you want to make ANY real progress you GOT to pay.also the devs are complete scumbags that side with pedos over gamers.
Early Access ReviewI played the version which gave you two days of exclusive access, and besides the character creation lobby it was not fun. For starters, the characters are very detailed, but when you enter the game they look very different, with hair colors changing due to lighting. The class system became imbalanced almost immediately with people rushing to pvp, and when they tried to adjust for pvp, they made pve different as well. The difficulty of the game when those changes happened significantly increased, and I know people wanted the game to be some what harder, but it just made it not enjoyable for me. People were able to get refunds within the first two days no matter play time, but I didn't find that out until later and they wouldn't give me one. So yeah.
This game looks good and the gameplay is good too.You can play with your friends in the same squad in game up to 4 players.I loved tanks and planes both but loved tanks more. They are fun to play.But the problem is..The owners of this game hates germans.They are buffing and making every other country stronger but nerfing germans. They dont even have 90mm weapon. When a german tank shoots someone the bullet is just getting destroyed against the targets armor. But when anyone else shoots germans they are piercing and getting most of the crew out of the game. And that is not fair, unbalanced. Especially RUSSIAN TANKS FOR F#$£ SAKE!
played this game for years, it WAS one of my favourite game, and while the devs can put out some fantastic work, they sadly seem to be at this point incredibly out of touch with the game and it's community. Getting to top tier will literally take thousands of hours of incredibly slow and painful grinding, and when you finally reach top tier.. It's terrible, truly aweful. Top tier consists of getting slaughtered by helicopters, while you are powerless to stop it unless you have enough points to spawn a fighter jet. Getting one shotted from the other side of the map.. in your spawn.. And HORRIBLY balanced vehicles that completely dominate anything that isn't METAThe list goes on and on, but there are just so many issues that ruin this once amazing game that I loved so dearlyPlease dont buy into the money grab that this game has become now and spend your time doing something more enjoyable
I do enjoy this game alot and while it does have alot of microtransactions I have been able to master some of my planes and tanks with the grind. My only issue with the game is that when its unistalled the launcher is always on my computer hidden and tries to redownload the game. It gets annoying when in another game and the launcher just pops up and takes all of my bandwidth. While it is a good game the company is doing some shady tactics to get people to keep the game
Early Access ReviewAre you looking for a game with the simplicity of Hearthstone, and the mana screw* of Magic: The Gatheringl? If so, play Eternal!*1/3rd of all games will be decided by something neither you nor your opponent can control. Enjoy.
Early Access ReviewI decided to come back to this game after a few months of not playing, and after a full night of playing with a Soviet soldier (the last time I played I was an American soldier) I noticed that I had unlocked essentially nothing. I went from the initial rank to barely rank 2 in three hours of play, and had unlocked no upgrades. Remembering that the leveling and unlocks went faster when I first played, I checked my American soldier. Despite having played him for only 2 hours, had many fewer kills and objective captures with him, he was rank 4 with many more ribbons unlocked. Have I mentioned that you need a great deal more experience with every subsequent rank?The game is basically worthless to play without paying at this point. I am entirely for supporting free to play games with microtransactions to get things faster, but not if they make it entirely worthless to play without paying.The game is fun. The bullet mechanics are fun, the realism aspects are fun, the idea is unique, but they have butchered the game by crippling any XP gains.
Heroes and Generals match making (which effectively forces u to wait 15-20 mins per que for each match, or force you to buy your way (YES BUY YOUR WAY) up the matchmaking que to gold level. I say forced, because you are literally not going to get enough matches to reach gold que at ANY reasonable rate or time of day. They should seriously address that before losing even more new players. 2/10 waste of space unless your going to buy a gold match tier tanker off the start to get into gold que times.
To be fair: This game has great investment in the vehicles, sounds and models. The game looks great. However, Gaijin could care less when it comes to making good maps, balanced matchmaking, good events, hiring competent/friendly PR staff... the list goes on. I'm adding my opinion to the rest of them currently in order to show Gaijin they messed up by reintroducing Chronicles, such a unfun, unbalanced mess that it was removed from future events. The current event achievements are damn near impossible for anyone who wishes to grind them out and have a life, and thats coming from someone who is on disability currently and has no life. Many things in this game steer players towards just saying "screw it" and opening up the wallet to be effective, right from the get go they introduce the atrocious grind, I watched a player stream his first week on this game and he barely unlocked 3 tanks playing 4 hours a day without premium and I hear it only gets worse in the later tiers.---{Graphics}---☑ Beautiful---{Gameplay}--- ☑ Good---{Audio}--- ☑ Very good---{Audience}--- ☑ Everyone---{PC Requirements}--- ☑ Decent(I get 100+ FPS on High with GTX960)---{Difficulity}--- ☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master(Controls are easy to pick up, but there are some advanced controls that you must look up or bind yourself, and controlling each vehicle and learning its pros and cons will take a LONG time, considering that you must unlock upgraded engines/transmission/rounds/etc to be fully competitive, you start off at a disadvantage. Also, matchmaking is based on the perceived effectiveness of the vehicle according to the dev, called battle rating, and not based on player skill or level, so after you get out of Tier 1 bot matches, you will be placed with veteran players that can snipe your tank at all the chokepoints because they've memorized the map and distances to the targets)---{Grind}--- ☑ Average grind level☐ Too much grind☑ Insanity(I've marked two because there are two different levels. The grind level will be insanity if you don't pay for a premium account to boost your research points. If you do so, the grind becomes about average. You will still not likely unlock things very quickly even with a premium, and even though it negates the unlocking grind for vehicle trees, Gaijin will introduce event vehicles, decals and tournaments that are insanely grindy and time based, giving players usually only a day or weekend to complete, which is hard for people with lives to manage)---{Story}--- ☑ Doesn't have any(Literally no story unless you count the "historical" "campaigns" thrown in last minute. Not worth playing, don't bother. They give you a crap reward for playing and most of them are insanely hard to do on anything but arcade mode. Some can be fun to waste time in or get the hang of/try out vehicles you may not usually use, but thats about it.)---{Game Time}--- ☐ Very Short☐ Short☐ Average☐ Long☑ Endless(You will probably play this until you are dead if you want to unlock everything)---{Bugs}--- ☑ Few bugs (I've had some spawn glitches mostly related to lag and some questionable things happen to my vehicle and shots, but otherwise, nothing to speak of)~~~~Multiplayer~~~~ ---{Salt Level}--- ☑ Salty(If you play Tanks RB, you will die from someone you can't see miles away over and over again. Be ready for it. You will want to firebomb Gaijin's HQ for being so mean to their customers and putting out crap events)---{Servers}--- ☑ Can get laggy (I've had some games where I've been unable to spawn or even exit the match because the server will report 20-25% packet loss on American servers. When I do leave the game because of the server issue, I get slapped with a crew lock on all my vehicles for not staying in the game.)---{Server Status}--- ☑ You might wait a minute(Usually can find a game pretty fast especially if you are playing on a few different servers. Never really waited more than 5 minutes. Normal wait time is 1-2 minutes.)---{Matchmaking}--- ☑ You might see much more experienced/stronger players☑ Unbalanced(You will face people at any experience level because the game is balance based on the vehicles you use and not your player skill. Once you have unlocked your first Tier II vehicle, the game places you right into the fire. You will face max leveled players while you are just beginning to learn the game. High tier players will use low tier vehicles to "seal club", since they can memorize the map and weak spots on all the tanks and use this to their advantage. Thats not even touching on the inherent advantages some nations/vehicles have over others at certain tiers of the game. )
Early Access ReviewI do not know where to start;but "For your own sake stay away from this game!!This game used to be a good f2p game which has the soul of competition while giving you the feeling that you are doing all the grinding to unlock further equipments via points and time.It also had premium boost which can give you and your team a boost (yes, that's correct that was affecting whole match) but unfortunately devs decided to dig in without listening their community and brought the current system, which is a total gamble.-Pros-You can use multiple types of weapons on your vehicle-Large variety of parts-You can use colorful nicknames for your vehicle-Cons-Has irl money to gamble option over the loot crates.Those crates may include the items which you had before and if you recycle them, they ain't worth it.-Tp&rp system completely changed, there is no in game money but a pixie dust which is hard to get-Missile launchers are hard to get and overpowered-Somewhat have power requirement for healing vehicles-You are getting healed after you got hit in a few seconds-Cubes are way more powerful than before, shields become less useful-Most of the weapons are nerfed except Launcher, it's a killer.-Completely useless premium-Maps still have glitches which should be fixed ages ago-Devs are nothing but stubborn, once they tasted the nice feeling of money, they decided to create their own Vegas.Long story short, you are witnessing a game has been corrupted thanks to it's developers.If you are interested in these kind of games, i can recommend Gear Up. 
I thought I'd give this game a shot... I was excited to have my own Gronkle dragon. however when I played it for a good few hours I got bored rather quickly. this game is fun at first but if you wana fly around freely and adventure. you need to fork up the dosh. I honestly don't feel this game is worth my money.If your the type that likes farmvill like style gaming with dragons and flying then this is for you. bur other wise. I wouldn't recommend it to those who just want to fly and have a fire breathing dragon.
If you played and/or play the normal "Yu-gi-oh" card game, i do not recommend this. Its a sad immitation. Don't get me wrong its oddly enjoyable, i mean i put in 6 hours into it, and if it was bad i would a dropped in with less then 30 minutes, but its not something i can take seriously.Cons:First, they cut the game in half, which means, half the deck size, half the HP, half the time, and half the cards on the field. Biggest issue with that is they changed no cards to fit that, so that means you have cards the ask for 5000 HP and combo cards like exodia that are useless.The game forces you through a progression system, that treats you as if you have a brain malfunction. I understand explaining a game to someone, but anything bellow level 40 is no challenge at all, and thats with a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥deck. To give example of how bad it is, level 20 and bellow are so easy i can win with no hp loss, and can do some stupid combos that are never don as they take to long. The ai is super simple. Now that would not be so bad if you have to grind out fight to stage 6 to even play against players. Just to clarify what i mean by no challenge, is the enemy  does not place spell or trap, and nothing above crappy regular 3 stars, which can be easily out done with one of your first cards.Last thing i have to say, is that the game reminds me a of sterotypical "chinese knockoff", they put in a attempt, tried to cut corners, and it turned out like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Pros(yes i tried too hard to find more then one thing good to say about it):Matches are fast, so you can enjoy a few during a break.Its more portable, so yu-gi-oh on the go.Less money to get a insane amount of cards.Good way to try new cards, and card combos.They implement a "auto-duel" feature, making the boring duels shorter, more so if you have the sense to make a decent deck.Voice actors from the anime.
Second Life is better optimized then this game, do you know how well second life is optmized? Not at all.Look at the photos above, now look at my review, get my point?Here's my detailed review below.Pros: +Easy to learn and get used to, i can see you getting lost in this game for a while.+Multiple classes with their own feel.+Healer class, that's awesome if you are playing with a friend.+Infinite maps.+Instanced Tutorial (those are awesome)Cons:-Where did you go? Where am I? Where is that? What's going on? Oh look more enemies. (WHO NEEDS A MAP?!)-Party system is horrible.-level 100 butterfly has slain you. (Not at all epic for a monster, only Monty Python can get away with this. :P )-classes locked unless you go through different tasks to unlock them.-dear god, the lag, the horrible unoptimized lag! (Look, if i can run plenty of recent games at max then it's not me)-communication is difficult.-Hope you don't like fullscreen.Neither pro or con:= Sprite art is okay.= Instant action.= Simple-------------------------Take this review as you will, it's just here to give you perspective before you hop in, not for those expert super pro players who are already at the top of the scoreboard and have 500+ hours of the game, what are you going through reviews for anyway? It's not a popularity contest and this is what i really think about it, and that's the purpose of reviews. Shoo!Hope this helped you. :3
I have a love/hate relationship with this game. Although, it is free! ... -ish.Being an old Starfox veteran, I got on well with the arcadey action in the early game, out-manoeuvring enemies and chopping their wings off with the target-leading system. Each nation has a different set of planes, each with their own strengths and weaknesses, although these don't matter too much at this early stage. Needless to say, the bi-plane stage was great fun.Then, gradually, I progressed into the mid-war era of aircraft. This was fun, too, for a while. But then I started to notice a change in the play style of my team mates and my opponents. Instead of rolling away from each other to engage in a dogfight, my opponents would just fly straight towards my plane guns-blazing, then plough straight through me like a battering ram, killing both of us with no points scored either side. Get used to these head-on collisions. They happen a lot. And not just with enemies. Sometimes, you'll be chasing a plane, only to find that a cloud of friendly players has formed around you, fixated on the same target, trying to nab the kill before you do. Because of this tunnel-vision, eventually a team-mate will collide with you, then call you a 'F**KING RAMMER N00B' for your trouble. Lovely.My main problem with this outcome is that there is very little penalty to prevent it on either side. So the conflict just develops into a war of attrition - to see which side has bought the most planes to aimlessly throw into the meat-grinder.Alternatively, you'll get locked in a dogfight with a superior plane (usually a spitfire, with its better turning circle) and no friends will be around to get it off your tail, because 10 of them will be chasing 1 bomber ... and crashing into each other ... and yelling expletives in the chat box.I get the impression that the game wants me to spend money to buy super upgrades for my planes to make them pointlessly unbeatable, like in World of Tanks, or create a squadron of other people who enjoy getting rammed by their team mates. However, my reviewing system is based off the capacity enjoy a game even if you're a friendless hobo. So, if you're looking for some quick arcade dogfighting action, this game is one for you. However, if you're a fan of aviation looking for a dedicated team-based stress buster, you'll find this game utterly infuriating.They will eventually add tanks and ships into the mix, but until then, I'm not convinced.Sorry, Warthunder. You only get 4/10 golden badger eggs. :(
Could not register, the confirmation email never arrived. The help form on their website did not work, kept complaining about a missing category selection (there is no such dropdown labeled "Category"). All in all a pretty shoddy programming job.Tried to register in a different browser and the site says both my username and email has already been chosen, which means the problem is on their end, and not with my fat fingers.
Early Access ReviewNew update makes it so an enormous amount of grinding is required to get absolutely anything, let alone entirely new weapons and movement parts for the sake of building a new robot.
Early Access ReviewYou should try it, it is a free to play game afterall.On the other hand, the game is stale.. The balance is screwed sideways byond repair. I mean why should you plan a well made plane or car when you can just slap 2 rotors and a missile turret and it'll fly no problem? Or if your lazy just slap 1 leg and a shredder and say goodbye to anything that isn't stupidly armored.. The game isn't fun anymore, its practicly the same bots over and over again with very little change.Allso its been in early access for 2 years, there is no excuse for that. "but hur durr theis stils testin' n balncing ze gaim". Yeah right balancing their wallet..
PROS1. Interesting combat system.Heroes are able to press the Shift button to execute unique abilities e.g. dodging, shield. Red areas showing AOE appear in the combat zone to show where enemy abilities are about to be cast allowing players to have an interactive PvE environment. It gives players simple but fun instructions on what to do.2. Quest directions. A shiny path will light up a waypoint to your quest helping players to end their quest faster and removing the need to search aimlessly or look for an online guide. Minor bugs do occur as the shiny path tends to jump to quests that it thinks are closest to you e.g. Switches to Quest A when you intend to do Quest B when Quest A is miles away and Quest B is next to you.3. Graphics. Better graphics compared to some other MMOs.CONS1. The game is too biased towards players who spend money. There are 2 in-game currencies called Zen and Astral Diamonds that can be exchanged with real-world cash. Both currencies are able to buy essential items such as bank storage, bags, mounts, equipment, refining, auction house items and etc. E.g. You can only upgrade your companion for 200,000 Astral Diamonds or 30 in-house currency. You can buy your level 60 gear using Astral diamonds from the auction house.2.Tedious system of leveling. Players have to spend points into 1. Feats 2. Power 3. Attributes. Each tree can actually conflict in min-maxing your skills if you are not careful. Astral diamonds must be spent to unlearn skill points. The number of points gained per level is 1, so skill point placement might be quite important.3. Quests are repetitive. After the first few quests, the same pattern will emerge. Enter dungeon, kill monsters, kill a big boss, rinse and repeat. Monsters come in standard small, medium, hulk and boss sizes. There are only some semi-unique quests like "Artifact Recovery" but they still revolve around bashing.4. Tedious teleportation system. Zone-to-zone transport only occurs at locations called Gates. You must tranverse the whole way to a Gate in order to teleport to another area. There is no way to "summon" your ally to you. Even right-clicking and teleporting to the player's instance is bugged.5. Bugs. Dungeons do not reset and do crash e.g. Cloak Tower (CT)6. Game Environment. You can't swim or fly. 7. In-game currency.There are too many forms of currency creates a confusing system. Almost like the EU before the Euro. Value of the different currencies depreciate extremely fast for non-cosmetic items e.g. Seal of the Manticore will be much less valuable when you get Seal of the Pegasus and so on so forth. 8. No utility rewards The only focus is on combat. E.g. Epic Hammer of Forging +25 to Blacksmithing.9. Not enough storage slots.Not such a major issue as you can easily clear all the enchantments for gold. Gold is mainly used forrefining.10. End GameAssuming you collected all your boons.Your end game will revolve around only a few areas1. Protector's Enclave2. Ice Wind Dale3. Neverdeath Graveyard OR Icespire Peak OR Rothe Valley OR Whispering Caverns OR Ebon DownsThe reason for No 3 being grouped together will be due to Cult Secrets that you do daily. They rotate and you only ever need to go to one of them to kill a dragon/dracolich.Everything else is a dungeon/lair/skirmish and you can queue for those.You will be doing skirmishes quite often if you did not pay cash for zen/astral diamonds.11. GauntlygrymGauntlygrym can be done but it's quite boring. Most players simply turn on their computers leave Gaunt to run it's course, the combatants are not even active. They come back after 15 mins to run Delzoun Crypts regardless of who wins. The map is extremely large but there are very few things that are exciting.You have to convince a storm giant to join your cause by feeding him and giving him treasure. You build catapults by collecting wood and explosive balls. You fill up mine carts. You kill Duergar to get their items. They are mostly fetch quests with a time limit.12. Dead EnvironmentEverything is dead. The people function as lamp posts.13. Respeccing costs Astral DiamondsMy CW costs 78,000+ AD just to respecc Feats and Boons. This is a lot of in game currency.  On average, you can earn around than 5000 AD/hour.
I like this game because this game is very complex, teach you in teamwork and best strategy game, but very unfortunate, The people who play this game become blaimers, saying harsh words to others, and you may also be affected. sometimes someone who is a good person in real life can be different when playing this game, But it's okay, You can see his real character from there.
Early Access ReviewThe game is still on Beta, Probably might come out bad, AE likes to Abandon their games like Epicduel,Herosmash,MQ,DF,AQ.Especially Oversoul.Dont get your hopes too high, AE sure likes to dissapoint,
dont play this game! its the digital embodyment of cancer. will delete all ur progress as soon every time your getting somewhere in the game. stupid creators should have fixed this years ago when it came out.
Early Access ReviewWas really looking forward to this game. Did not really mind if the combat upgrade was in, have no problems with tab targetting mmos. Can live with bad translations at launch, although in the starting tutorials you expect better. But it is the performance that is the killer for me, low fps and poor rendering of graphics do not even begin to describe it. The game is beautiful, no question. But they really need to optimise the engine or use a newer option. This of course is not a quick fix and is going to take time to implement. I really hope they sort this out, as I would come back if they did.
On top of everything, I found out today that Warthunder installs malware that can't be disabled and remains even after uninstalling WT. And don't give me the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of "it's an auto updater," because it's more than that. If it was just an updater it wouldn't install without telling you, use up your bandwith, install itself to multiple locations, tie itself to run every time you startup your pc, and re-enables itself when you try to turn it off. ♥♥♥♥ Gaijin. Sketchy ♥♥♥♥s.This game is a grind fest. Hundreds of hours of grinding in battles to research new vehicles, only to find out you have to research all the other planes that you don't want because you have to purchase a minimum amount of planes to advance to the next rank. Then even more money grinding for that.Of course you could just dish out your wallet and spend a couple hundred to pass all that. Micro transaction galore.Not to mention the game matching system is horribly broken. You get people with Spitfires fighting agaisnt biplanes just because all their other planes are biplanes.And then there are the crashes, and the "some game files are not downloaded" bug that requires you to reinstall the game (which takes over an hour).Every update that rolls out just breaks the game even more. Horribly unbalanced. And don't even get me started on the Hurricanes. In WW2 Hurricanes shot down a bunch of planes being launched from ships to protect agaisnt bombing. In this game if you were to take off at sea level you would be half way through the game by the time you got anywhere near the bombers because the climb rate on the Hurricanes SUCK BALLZ.I would continue my rant, except by now (if you even got this far) you are probably bored at this ubsurdly long post, so I'll stop here.
The game totally went downhill after they forced Matchmaking into the game and removed all the official pub servers. I don't mind them adding Matchmaking, but at least make it an option.
Make TF2 great again! Last update destroyed this game. Matchmaking takes 5 minutes to find a game, you can't choose a map, comp sucks. You get PENALTIES for leaving CASUAL games, what is this, overwatch? Rest in Peace, old friend, i loved you like a son. #riptf2
boring. jump scares have 0 effect on me. if you're one of those people who get unreasonably scared at the smallest things, this game's (not) for you. if you get kinda scared and you like it, then you'll like this game i guess. if you don't get scared at all from these things, then you're just wasting your time.also, spooky's voice is f*cking ret@rded. her personality's pretty sh*t, too. i wanted to kill her when she spoke her first sentence.
Product received for freeMy disappointment is immeasurable, and my day is ruined6 months later:yup, still broken and unplayable. Can play FFXIV with 4k stormshader patch at steady 90 fps, but i cant even get 20 FPS on this ♥♥♥♥♥ing game at any given time.
Its a good game, if ya get around its endless problems entered in the bad reviews. Along with one i didn't see there. i used to be a master, and got past the MP40 on all modes, but then one day it had a popup that said "Multi-user account detected" and kept auto closing the game, so i uninstalled it. a year or so later, (or however long it was, i have no sence of time.) i get it back, and all of my progress has been wiped, back to the old AK. Well, thats one game i'm never gonna play again... and to think when i was still going strong on it, i was planning on buying every DLC. but nope, not anymore. Thats what happens when you lie, cheat, and abuse your administrative powers, you lose a valued paying customer. Don't expect any money from me any time soon!
A great game, I loved it, it was fun and action packed but as you come down the line you realize there is alot of content that you have to pay rediculus prices for like a single outfit I wanted for example was $20 USD. that's kind of crazy
My friend introduced this game to me years ago when it was in alpha, and I am proud to say that this lil game has grown up to be a grindy P2W cash grab ♥♥♥♥♥how that not even SEGA, Ubisoft, and the likes could come up with. Such magnitude of genius! Grinding out weapons available to common soldiers during WWII! Allowing users who play free to drive the most useless of WWII vehicles! Such majesty!
I know I have not played War Thunder for too long, but I am experienced in gaming. War Thunder is honestly great at the surface, there is so very many little details to the vehicles and environment, and the dogfights can be absolutely gorgeous. The tanks and aircraft are so incredibly well modeled, and personally I find the shell penetration camera to be quite amazing. Watching tiny fragments explode and bounce around inside the tank's interior. As a simulator, it fares quite well, as tanks do not just explode into full speed, and turning requires skill in order to not lose speed. However, there is a but to all of this.I understand that this is a "free to play" title, and as such they plant micro transactions to hell like usual. One thing I do like (i play world of tanks a lot as well) is that decals and customization, while limited, is permanent and you don't have to keep rebuying as you do in wot. The grind is not good in War Thunder. Actually, it is just terrible. Games such as War Thunder and World Of Tanks make getting to the next level of vehicles feel like a job, and the reward after hours and hours of gameplay is just not worth it.The matchmaking is poor, as you will often be fighting enemies you have no hope to defeat, and the ai comrades are not exactly the best.If I were Gaijin, I would scrap the whole free to play idea, because it makes this game and many others like it just a crappy and greedy cash grab. It is just my opinion, but I think that War Thunder would make for a great full price title, but more focused on a singleplayer than multiplayer, because as we all know online multiplayer is sometimes just the worst. A true PVE mode would be great, as well.I know these ideas are just that, and that Gaijin is just one of those companies that is more interested in the payment and income rather than making a genuinely deep and amazing video game.And because of that, I cannot reccomend War Thunder in the form that it exists right now.It is an amazing concept of land, sea, air direct control warfare buried beneath a freemium pay to win mess like so many other games.
This game had negative reviews from the start so i gave it a bit of time before trying it, needless to say the game is still♥♥♥♥♥♥and i dont see any chages from day 1 graphics give my eyes aids!
Early Access ReviewTL;DR: Don't buy it - Wait till the game is finishedDetails:Things you need to know about Bless Online first (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bless_Online)Too lazy? This game first started in 2011 - Failed 2 times in Korea and Russian (Source: https://www.gameskinny.com/9v52u/bless-online-will-fail-here-is-why)Scandals: - https://www.reddit.com/r/Bless/comments/8k6axg/regarding_bans_and_moderation/(TL;DR: Community Manager in Bless Discord baned people without reasons and was unprofessional)- 200$ Founder's Pack but then removed due to "Community Feedback"(https://bless-source.com/thread/18342-bless-online-early-access-info/?pageNo=1)Now about the game itself:1/ Poorly Optimization: The game was lag and had massive FPS drop2/ 2 days head start: So far after 8 hours: 3 maintenance"Start time: 13:00 PDT/22:00 CEST. The expected duration of maintenance is about 1 hour; IMPORTANT UPDATE: We will be conducting another emergency maintenance.IMPORTANT UPDATE: We will be conducting a server check maintenance. Start time: 01:00 PDT / 10:00 CEST."Source: From Bless Online official Discord - announcements3/ Bad game mechanics: You have to do quest untill lv 13 so you can enjoy open world, My friend played Paladin grinded instead of questing, when he fought the lv 6 dungeon all his gears were broken. In order to repair gears, you have to be level 13. Long story short, he got his refund.4/ Bad translation.redditr/Bless - Regarding bans and moderation0 votes and 279 so far on redditBless Online CommunityBLESS ONLINE EARLY ACCESS INFO - Bless Online CommunityFounder’s Pack informationGet a two day head start on the game on May 28 with the Founder’s Pack!Each of the three Founder's Packs contains the base game and exclusive benefits.Details on what will be included in the Founder’s Packs will be…My opinion: Bless Online is a game released in 2011 and using Unreal Engine 3. It is 2018 and there are so many games with better graphic and even better gameplay, so far i haven't found any information about Bless wants to remake the graphic.If you watch the Press Conference about Bless Online holding in May 11, you would notice these things:1/ The location was bad2/ Problem occured in the presentation3/ Problem occured when Emissaries tried the game + they only gave them 20 minutes to try the game4/ There was almost no gameplay or anything revealed to us before the Press Conference and even you watched the Emissaries played, you still haven't get much information from them.All i say here Bless online is very very fishy - The lack of organization, the laziness about the game's translation, the rumours about the community manager in Bless Online's Discord, the overprice founder's package, the un preparation for the lunching. All of those things give me a feeling that Bless Online is full of debt right now and all they want to do is selling the game as fast as they can and run away. I would love to tell you more but i have a refund ticket await.Thank you for reading
I really enjoyed this game but....I leveled up most characters to 40 and has quite some meta decks(Fenix, control, ancient gear, toon, burn, mill), but then after 5 months playing this game i realized how pay to win it has become. Well, let me explain:At first, you enjoy beating npcs, collecting cards from events, leveling and unlocking new characters, but when you play for months(mid game) you have to put a goal, so you go to pvp and then the trolling begins. Everybody using OP cards from the store or troll decks, it makes anyone stressed losing to someone trolling you(cyber stein, mill, burn) or someone who has the new meta deck released last week. There are a lot of boxes from the store and Konami keeps releasing every month(tons of new cards), so it makes the mid/late game an endless effort to get all the new cards and make new meta decks to get king of games or even platinum ranking.It gets very frustating to see other people spending thousand of bucks to get 3 copies of each card and when they come dueling  there goes all the fun.Also, ranking up is very hard, because even if you have a meta deck,for example, if you win 2 in a row and then lose and keeping looping that you never get promoted, most of the times you have to get 3+ wins to get something going.With all those paid to win decks no wonder you will get easily countered  in a match screwing up all your chances of getting a higher ranking, of course.Last thing to comment is if you wanna play this game, then google Cyber Angel Duel links and see how "BALANCED" this game is... 
Early Access ReviewThe game used to be really good and addicting, but the new update absolutely ruined the game. Unbalanced it, and took away the fun of actual design. No longer worth playing, uninstalled and never looking back.
If you want arcade, fast paced action I highly suggest this game for youIf you want realism, you are better off with War ThunderAnd I did play this on mobile and made it to tier 3, so I do have more than .1 hours into this gameIt is not a bad game, its a great one! I just prefer realism, which this game doesn't offer to the extent I like it.
too grindy for me...quests stacked on quests that are stacked on more quests...and really its just too boring because quests r nearly the only way to level up....domination is a nice change of pace but heroes are unbalanced making the PvP elements far too unbalanced.
ive been playing this game since the end of season one. got enough time in to have uninstalled 30 plus times to the amount of anger and bs this game causes. i had once loved this game so much i spent my last two years of highschool coming home and playing it till i went to bed. years gone by and what had been a fun game before became the most toxic moba ive ever played. this game used to have a fun and nice fanbase but everybody got so hellbent on talking tash and playing the broken team comp and act like didnt have to try against you and insult you. secondly, balance in this game is out the window. so out of balance they took the god of balance, nerfed her and made her terrible compared to her counterparts. then they take the most op type of class and buffed their items and thought that was ok. then they went ahead and nerfed all the items for the tanks and said they were too tanky when they actually needed better tank items. now if you are playing a tank and you see a hunter you might as well quit the game because they are just gonna focus you and you cant do anything about it besides watch your healthbar go from full to nothing in one hit.lastly, hunters apparently are the high egoed in this game they think you can just crown them the moment you load in the match. these guys are supposed to be the heart of the match but instead troll and basically waste youre time. 
Early Access ReviewEDIT - apparently 20 minutes doesn't justify this review as vaild. If we ignore the psychology of making snap judgements and the fact I know what kind of games I like, I'm going to give a longer review based on my short time and explain how I game to my conclusion of "not good", why I don't feel someone else would enjoy it. This doesn't make me a hater, because I really enjoyed the 2D Adventure Quest.THE GAMEPLAY:You move with W/S, and A/D turns the camera around behind you. You can also move the camera around with the mouse. Basic click on things, do actions based on what said thing is. Collecting loot is annoying, with no real feedback on if you actually picked up the loot, and you can only pick it up by clicking on it, not by walking over it. In my short game time, I managed to get through the intro stage and to the main town. Enough to firgure out the gameplay was fairly standard drivel. Nothing exicting. Nothing fun. Nothing that got me hooked. I don't really have much to say other than I didn't enjoy it. THE INTERFACE:It's awful. You can tell it was designed with mobiles in mind, and then the interface for mobiles was just updated to work on PCs. Games can be designed to work on mobiles and ported to PC just fine - see Timberman, that was orginally a mobile game - and this game doesn't do that very well. The font is awful and I could notice some of the textures didn't scale nicely to 1980. Speaking of textures...THE GRAPHICS:I really liked the design and style of the 2D game. It looked good, and had a nice aesthetic to it. I'm not a graphics over gameplay kind of guy, and do enjoy games you could argure had poor graphics - Proteus, for example, or Moirai - however this game is selling itself as a MMO. That means it's hoping I'll play it loads. If that's the guess, I'm kind of hoping for something a bit better. It has PS1 esquie graphics, and not in the good way. I'm guessing this is because of the fact it's designed for mobiles.THE WRITING/STORY:You might feel I can't give a fair review of the story and I would 100% agree with you. I'm going to talk about it anyway. The writing is dire, cringe worthy and really unthoughtful. You can tell it wasn't done by someone who knew the first thing about writing. It's not even done in a casual way, just boring unfunny unwitty words on a screen. It didn't hook me in, it didn't want me to find out more or want me to play. It was just bad.IN SUMMARY:I find this game bad and I didn't enjoy it. If you played hours upon hours of the 2D game, then this is going to suck and you won't enjoy it. If you've never played Adventure Quest before, then who knows you may enjoy this, but it is nothing like the game it's based on. Personally, save your time and effort and try a different game. - - - - - -Original Review - Gave it 20 minutes of my life.In those 20 minutes, I found out it was nothing like the game I wasted so many hours in high school in. It has lost a lot of charm on the way.Poorly written, cringe worthy jokes.An intresting feature is that you can play the same game on the PC and your phone - eventually. Does mean the PC verison is scaled quite far back. Don't bother wasting your time on it. It is free, but I would feel insulted if I had to spend money to try that out.
Pros:Fun combatEasy max lvl grindingMicro transaction items are available in AHMostly nice and helpful communityLots of free items for eventsCons:Buggy combatBalance issuesPost 60 grinding is massively excessiveAH prices (usually the $$ items are expensive) are highCurrency grinding is ridiculusEnd game dungeons are unbalancedIf you can get past the cons it is a fun game with a solid comminuty, but it is a borderline pay to win. 
The graphics are decent and the character customization is good. There is a chat channel where you can ask other players for help/info and there is a good amount of helpful people.  That said...This game is missing so much. It has paid currency (gems referred to as lacrima) and that's fine, a lot of games have them. What is ridiculous is that they are not account wide.  If you are a new character, you cannot move them between characters. You cannot move items that would be account bound on any other game between your characters, so if you get something that is not tradeable on your first character and then decide you do not want to play that class, you are stuck with all the 'bonus' or gem bought stuff, as well as the gems themselves, on that character.  There is a tab for 'lacrima transfer' but that isn't even available until level 15.  The skill tree is all kinds of confusing and there aren't any explanations in game to help with it.  For example, one of my characters was an assassin and most of her skills had a 'when done from stealth' bit in the description, but no where on either chain or non chain skill tree did it say stealth, nor is there a hot key for it. The games version of stealth for that character is called 'Incognito', which you can't get till 13 and it doesn't even say 'You enter stealth'.  Granted with most games there is a bit of figure it out for yourself type stuff but damn, this was ridiculous. I spent the first two days playing the assassin confused as hell.Then there is the gathering system. You need special items for gathering, as is the usual for a lot of games, BUT the items in this game are applied as a BUFF, for one hour. Which means you can't just gather as you go, you have to use one of your consumable charges and go out and just gather for that hour.  And everything you gather goes into your inventory, which isn't that many slots. Not getting a lot of slots is pretty standard too, but upgrading it is crazy expensive in this game. Most of the features are not available right away, only after you've gained a certain amount of levels. You can't even click on several of the features on the main menu to get an idea of what something does. Targeting is weird. Sprinting is weird. Getting your flying mount into the air is weird. I can get used to a lot of drawbacks in a game but I think this is the first game ever that I just can't get over the sheer amount that it has. It's a newer game, so maybe they will change some stuff. As it is, I won't bother playing this one again.
Early Access ReviewThe most important thing to know for someone looking to maybe get into this game is that it is in Early Access and despite being in this state for quite some time the developers seem to have lost their vision and moved away from their original "Design and Fight" game model to one more conducive to micro-transaction monitization. If you are familiar with the many pay-to-win smartphone games out there, you will find the current Robocraft very familiar.One big down side of this change is that it cripples the original vision of being able to design creative vehicles. The nature of the random loot rewards means you either have to pay (real money) for large amounts of crates ($100 in crates would be a reasonable initial invenstment) so you can get enough of the same type of parts to even have a hope of designing what you want, or you plan on grinding for months with whatever cobbled together frankenstein of a bot you can manage.This isn't to say you cannot sell the unwanted parts for in-game currency to buy the parts you want. The problem is the exchange rate is very, very bad with respect to the cost of the parts (10% - 30%). In addition, the random nature of the drops makes it undesireable to exchange any parts, since you never know when you will need one of them to make a design you just thought up ... or more realistically collect enough matching parts to make a complete bot, ignoring if you wanted to play that type of bot in the first place.For example: movement types are collected one at a time, and you usually need at least 4 to be stable. So you would need to sell 4-5 random movement parts to buy just one of the type you actually wanted. On the other hand, if you kept those movement parts you would be partially along in 2-3 other movment types that you might want to try out later. So you have the choice of sacrificing being able to make multiple bots later for progress on making one bot now. The same goes for weapons, you could sell multiple weapons to buy a single weapon you wanted, but since you need 4-10 weapons per bot you really sacrifice your future ability to create bots if you do that.In conclusion, the game had a lot of initial promise which seems to have been lost in the developers desire to turn it into a pay-to-win smartphone style game. My recommendation is to skip the Early Access stage of this game and wait for the final release of the game to see what the developers actually end up delivering.
I downloaded the game as a new player i get in and its so confusing to me i dont know what to do with these coins i get and  how everything in general works. I dont recomend this game to new players, watch a few videos on it first-Dont know what to do-NO MUSIC!
It is a non skill based game, needs alot of time to be able to help somebody, Half of it is nearly pay to win, or strong players from 2 years that can carry a raid, the should atleast place unique dragons that you can buy from the stores
Early Access ReviewBANNED FOR NO REASON WHAT AN AWESOME GAME,I STOPPED PLAYING FOR A LONG TIME AND WHEN I COME BACK IM BANNED AND I HAVE TO PAY 10$ TO BE UNBANNED.♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥ WARTEAM, YOU GUYS ARE ALL A PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥WARTEAM
3 monster and 3 spell/trap cards maximum allowed on the field wtf? Maximum number of cards allowed in the deck is 30, while most AI will have around 20 or fewer cards in their deck. While some it makes for a faster experience, wherein most games will be over in a few short turns, i personally feel that this discounts the duelling experience for most gamers due to the lack of depth. As someone who grew up playing the physical card game, this was rather disappointing, which is why i cannot in good conscience recommend this game to anyone.
So this is Neverwinter... CONS:- the patcher system is way 1995, 3-4 hours just to download the game- the graphics are weird, i meet the requirements but it looks pixelated- the game has almost 9Gb not 4GbPROS:- the game looks good on play station 4Not recommended on steam
Love this game on my phone but will not work with either my laptop or desktop computers, both capable at gaming. I spent a little over a week with 3 different support staff members at Bethesda trying the game both through Steam and Bethesda's own launcher, would not connect to their servers with all ports forwarded and firewall exceptions made. After my experience on PC I can not recomend on this platform. Rediculous since it works with no problem on my phone on the same network.
I loved this game back when it came out and it always ran smoothly on my desktop and laptop. I got it back when it was early access and I racked up 273hrs on my old account. Now its 1 a pay2win and 2 its a laggy as hell. I would recommned it back when it was not so laggy and money based but i dot recommend it now that it is extreamly laggy and its staff dosent care about the game except for the scraps of money it pulls in off of players
pay to win gaijin is like hey if you dont want to grind 15 hours of you life to get a tank and when  you get it it cannot even repair so you have to grind more until you get parts and it then  you get kill by a premium tank witch never existed in real life and is op but well if you pay 40 bucks you will be op as ♥♥♥♥  
04.05.2015Short Summary: play Russian or get Rekt!and you will get banhammered 100% if you say ANYTHING negative (not even slander, just some negative comment is enough!) on their forum or website - typical russian attitude.---Long Summary:could have been a good game but russian/tanks and planes are totally op... who would have guessed, devs are russians.don't bother start as any other faction than russian. for russians the game surely is fun smacking everyone and everything...should they ever change that and balance the russian faction to be in line with the others i will change this review... lol but i guess hell freezes over before that day...*edit:on a second thought i guess this review will stay negative forever, since some funny mods deleted a thread of mine where i pointed out the massive ongoing bias during the current WW2 chronicels event.background:german facion is outnumbered on every single match and having worse tier tanks aswell, which climaxed yesterday in a 8v12 SB and 10vs13 RB thats just super dumb.it started on 10vs12 and was already hard but their beloved russians still lost some games. so they changed it to 8vs12 which completely crushed german faction.historical you say? i would too, but they did the same on ever single day of the event. even during the poland invasion, "poland" pictured as soviets outnumbered the germans 15v10 and it was unwinnable. loloh and did i mention censoring? every issue whitch reflects their bad work on updates or stuff where they create more imbalance than before on their forum and in the steam group is being almost immediately deleted or locked and put in archive without any reason given.if they would just communicate with the playerbase once they could have really easy solutions for long lasting problems, but they prefer not to get involved and banhammer everything instead - just russian style.day by day the same shít...---16.07.2016Tried an Event - T54 vs CenturionIn short British 3x 6.7 tanks vs Russian 7.3, 7.7, 8.0You may imagine the matches were full off Russian tanks and nowhere a Brit tank to be seen...But no Russian Bias right?... this is so big time BS---Having several factions unlocked I can now draw direct conclusions. The deeper you get into this game the more and more biased it gets.Some really biased and game ruining hard facts:- Fire on Russian planes extinguishes like 95% of the time, it burns a while keeps flying and then viola fire is out magically *Russian magik fire extinguisher*. All other nations just burn down 95% of the time...- Hit russian tanks into ammo rack or fuel often nothing happens... nothing! hit other nations on same place, instakill!!- Kill the commander on a german tank, even if gunner still lives the tank will not be able to shoot at you anymore. Kill a russian commander.... nothing tank can fire normally.- Kill German gunner while reloading, gunner is replaced and reloading starts from anew. Kill Russian gunner during reload, reloading continues from the point where it was before the gunner died :)- Russian IT1 missile has an obvious bug and can fly trough solid buildings and walls wich you can't penetrate with tank shells or any other missile carriers. It's been reported months ago, still no fix and I don't think it ever will be...- Gunners on Bombers lol, British, German and Jap gunners on full level are fairly useless. They hardly hit planes chasing you on 300m.Russian gunners are of course all pro snipers, hitting planes on 1km and taking them down rather easily. Not sure how many kills I made on Russian Bombers, but it's an ridiculous amount. I'd be really curious to see stats about that...US Bombers are soso, due to immense turret numbers they may hit sometimes too and take chsing planes down. But just sometimes.- General game mechanic problem, the better you play (currently 87% avg position here) the more you get uptiered. In solo queue without my "not so good" clan members I get uptiered into +1 Br like 9/10 matches. So you end up playing the whole match as AAA since your tanks are mostly useless in +1 games.
This game was the single most boring thing I have ever played in my entire life.My favourite part was how I could not shoot any of the animals I found because I hadn't paid for the game.  When I did find a deer I could shoot (2 hours into play) I shot it, it died, and I don't really know what I was expected to feel.  Joy?  Accomplishment?  Because at the end of the day, all I felt, was older, and more tired. 
This game is so garbage, the zombies are no threat and have almost 0 animations and the game gets boring within the first 20 minutes you play as well as there is no light, its all lit up, so no hiding in the shadows the player animations are awful there is nothing else to do is look for the low amout of gear thats in the game, the only thing good about it is the world is huge, horrible graphics, looks like it could be zombie mobile game, i dont see this game having any type of future and the only thing that will be changing is the shop because its a free to play game, if you want to play a free zombie game with nice graphics and good animations and gameplay go check out unturned (http://store.steampowered.com/app/304930/).
huge wate of time and money, i payed hundreds of dollers just to spand half the game travaling the other haldf raging becouse a russian tank oneshots my tank after i hit him 3 times directly.
would not recommend this game. It is clunky, filled with hackers, the level difference between players is so huge that it just scares away new players. The grind is so bad that you would be better off buying gold currency to get unlocks than spend weeks to get a 1 or 2 unlocks. The lag and player difference is just not enticing to new players.
The game itself would be fine if it was run by a company that actually tested their game.They ignore the PTS, they ignore bugs that have been happening for years. They ignore blatant cheating in their games.You'd honestly be better off playing any other MOBA for a more enjoyable experience. Even HoTS has a more active playerbase.
A P2W MMORPG. I tried it, and has most stuff other MMORPG's has..special powerful stuff in a store with microtransactions... a farm, and many quests. So far i only figured out to get one dragon, and it is only teenager still. I cannot even seem to chat in the game. This game seems quite buggy for a MMORPG.
I used to play this game for a long time, nearly since it came out. I took a break from it for about 6 months and coming back it is impossible to win many games in Card Battles now. It is impossible to counter people who have those power cards and other high power card when you need to get 100 victories in some cases to unlock the cards. I can't see myself getting that far anytime soon. Since I was not active I couldn't unlock them for the cheaper price, and now I suffer and can't get anywhere now.The game used to be fun. But if you are just starting off expect to not win too often in card battles.Pros (Before Card Battles)+Easy to progress and unlock everything+FunCons (Before Card Battles)-Repetitive strategies-HackersPros (After Card Battles)+New gamemodes with new strategies to come up with+The bad players keep getting worseCons (After Card Battles)-Hard to unlock cards if you don't unlock them when they first come out-Impossible to counter cards (Like Kidnap, and especially when you don't have those cards)-The good players keep getting better
For all the people who are trying the game now its 180% diffrent from when is was in early access it was such an amazing game but they changed it so much and became so bad i really dont recomend it u guys dont have any idea how it was before the building the gameplay everything was better off before
What has happened to the game I once knew and loved?Me and my best friend were searching for some games to play, we got bored of TF2 and found Trove. At the time you had to download the Glyph Client in order to play, but we didn't mind. We played a lot, had so much fun and I had that much fun that I got ahead of my best friend by a lot. Then shadow towers got introduced to the game and it was fun to battle to Titan bosses. I would always be one of the last players standing with my end-game Dracolyte.Then it all changed, the game I once knew and loved vanished. It became a grinding game where the P2W players would most of the time have the upper hand. Classes became Pay to Get, and their reason was to make players feel different from others, it pretty much didn't change anything. I wouldn't have minded, but the developers are the most laziest. The servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥ most of the items are community created right now, they keep on doing the same events, do some quests, get a reward that isn't worth it, and the amount you had to farm for it was just dumb. I have around 1000 hours experience and I can say that I wish they could just revert back to the beta. And the new players think they are so smart, saying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like the game is not P2W, it is not bad and keep on arguing. If they were here in the beta  they would have known why we even starter an argument about the♥♥♥♥♥♥the game is.Seriously, Trion World, if you wish to become a better company, you can start by fixing the♥♥♥♥♥♥load of bugs you have, some that are still here and have since the BETA. And get rid of most of the P2W♥♥♥♥♥♥
No recomiendo este juego por las siguientes razones: aunque el juego fue muy interesante y atrapante al principio, poco a poco se ha convertido en un juego "PAY2WIN" descaradísimo. He estado jugando durante casi 300 horas y me encuentro jugando contra personas que me acaban de ganar debido a que sus cartas eran simplemente mejores que las mías, y estaban j*didamente OP. Si quiero poder tener una oportunidad contra las personas que pagaron, ¿tengo que pasar aún más horas? MÁS DE 300 HORAS? Tan RIDICULO como SIN SENTIDO. Ah por cierto, algunas de estas cartas no las puedes conseguir a menos que pagues, da igual las horas que eches :) .El modo historia si es muy entretenido, pero básicamente ahora mismo el juego está en este punto: puedes jugar gratis pero o te dejas los dineros en cartas o mucho tiempo (llevo 300 horas, hace unos meses llegaba al leyenda y ahora ni de p*ta coña en serio) o bien resignate a que te van a pegar muuuuchas palizas hasta que tengas una baraja decente.Supongo que la estrategia de las recompensas por conectarte etc es para que no pierdas la esperanza de que realmente puedes llegar a tener una buena baraja y jugar en igualdad de condiciones sin tener que pagar, para poder conseguir enganchar a la gente.En resumen, el juego en sí mismo es bueno,  pero cuando juegas contra personas que "PAGAN PARA GANAR", no importa cuán bueno seas, sin importar tus habilidades, vas a perder muchas veces.--------------I do not recommend this game because of the following reasons: Although the game was very interesting and catching at the beginning, little by little has become in a "PAY2WIN" game. I have been playing for almost 300 hours, and even though, I find myself playing against people who have just won me because of their cards were just better than mine, and f***ing OVERPOWERED.If I want to be able to have a chance against people who paid, do I have to spend even more hours? MORE THAN 300 HOURS!? As RIDICULOUS as NONSENSE.In summary, the game itself is good, but just as far as you play against people who do not just "PAY TO WIN, no matter how good you are, no matter your skills.
Early Access ReviewLevels 1-4 as a character in this game are great. It's totally a skill based matchup where you can go out and have a lot of fun. Once you (or any single one of your friends) hits level 5, the party is officially over. You immediately get thrown into much larger conflict against people who have a ton of weapons upgrades/vehicles that you don't have access to, and grinding levels becomes terrifying.The gold purchasing in this game enables wallet warriors to reign supreme, and completely disenfranchizes those who don't have/want hundreds of dollars to go into a single game. This could be overcome with extreme patience and skill building, but pales in comparison to the revenue model of LoL (which maximizes fun, and doesn't require you to spend money).
a pretty fun game but one major problem of mine is that I have to deal with obnoxious messages in and out of a game.it mainly comes from the use of the megaphones, its really annoying and I would  love it if i could block it. One other thing bothering me is that there isn't much variety when it comes to black characters. Overall it's a fun game, I just wish i had more choices when I play, more specifically chat settings and character options. I mean there are ALOT of non-black characters, there's even a ♥♥♥♥ing Gorilla. The Community is terrible by the way.
Early Access ReviewThis game is the most direct example of pay to win I have ever seen. You have to use gold to purchase vehicles and the vast majority of weapons. If you do not buy gold, you will earn a couple each win, which means you will only need to play a few hundred games before you can afford a new weapon.Additionally, Veteran membership, which can only be bought in gold, gives you an additional passive bonus, and an additional weapon. Do not give them any money, unless you support pay to win.If I could give it more than 1 thumbs down, I would.
Send my friend a red blimp. almost there. I look to my side and see the bloons getting past my defences magicly. Rinse and repeat ever since. (Not saying theres anything bad just saying im annoying of being screwed over BY the game)
I honestly don't even know how or where to start with this game. It has no form of tutorial, guide, basic series of single player practice sessions to show you what you get with the game, what you have, game modes, anything. It is basically just a very very old school pick a series pick a car, hit race....that's pretty much it. I find it quite surprising that it has so many users with such a bad interface and menu structure. As a user you honestly don't know where to start.After some trial and error I eventually discovered that most cars need to be bought, you only get....actually I don't know what you get because it doesn't list anywhere how many or which cars you do get. It's just such a bad user experience. Even ACR with all its problems and browser client mishmash was far supperior.The first time I started it I basically just got the background cinematics and no menu. After googling around I found that you have to set a start parameter for the steam version. Why isn't this set as standard? Didn't I just install the game through steam?So after you eventualy get it to work, you have to wonder if you actually have any sound, because there are no effects what so ever in the menu. No clicking efects, no music, no nothing. I played around with my volume until I entered a race and it was too loud. And finaly we come to the actual driving experience....well...if you use a controller or keyboard you are basically hosed. The cars are mostly unconstrollable unless you have a wheel, and even then I'm not sure the default settings are ok. After much fiddling around with sensitivities, adaptive steering speeds and other settings, I managed to get a relatively ok setting. It worked fine for the car I was using at the time, but as soon as I changed cars, well I needed to see what I could do again.The menu/interface thing is quite buggy and unintuitive. You have a back button to go back to the game and if you hit back inside the game, as in to go back to the main menu...it takes you back into the matchmaking menu...so basically and infinite loop of back buttons. Now on to the plus points:After trying out multiple cars, I do have to admit you could "feel" when one car was heavyer, or lighter, or had softer suspension and that is a very very good thing. It becomes pretty obvious that underneath the bad interface it is running a very good simulation engine. On the polish oldtimer you can feel the heavy engine at the back trying to oversteer the car. On different DTM cars of the same era/class you can feel the different personlity of each car. I really like that. For example you can tell the Audi V8 is very heavy compared to the Merc 190 or the M3, you can feel that the Mustang has much softer suspension but is stil quite light. The FWD cars do understear in slow corners, and they do lift off oversteer just like they should. Dips in the road do make your car unstable and sometimes create wheelspin (this also sais a lot about the quality and detail of the tracks). This is especially noticeable on some longer high speed corners. The vibrators on the side of the track do unsettle your car and can make it jump up in the air. So yes, the racing engine underheath is very very good.The graphics do look good for a racing game. There's not much to say about them. Everything runs smoothly no stutters, high FPS. The amount of detail given to the sound during racing is quite high. It has suspension and pannel squeking. I'm quite dissapointed to be honest, I really liked all their previous games and those did have much better interfaces and functionality. This is just slopy in so many ways.From what I have played so far I am tempted to try it some more just because that surprisingly good engine underneath that crap interface. I haven't yet found out how exacly you enter a multiplayer race, there are some challenges and some servers, but instructions are scarce at best. I don't even think there is any form of experience or leveling, but if there is, I wasn't able to find it.
The only reason why I can't recomend it is because there is no information about the "bloons" or towers or anything, you just have to preety much guess or look up a website which is preety ridiculous.
Early Access ReviewDo not play this game , realy bad performances , they dont care about the community , the game failed twice allready and its going to fail again , dont waist your time with neowiz , they will allways find a way to make you pay money and scam you !!! i want my refund !!!!!!!!
Early Access ReviewGame is very hard to get a group in let alone grinding to max would be unbearable as its just a quest grind or single mob "elite mob" farm, unless you want to treat it like a job, also pvp is very small ever since the release of siege i don't think they ever even once had one map with the maximum amount of players for the 50 v 50 because the games population fell so rapidly, due to inbalenced combat and they only had two servers so let thats speak to for its active players, most the veterans still playing are likely people who benifitted from these early bugs and nerfs. Also guilds are kinda pointless don't really care about you if their 5 man group has filled, limits on dungeons per day makes this a clique game if i ever saw one. Oh and pvp is restricted to certain times of days so you might as well find another game to play honestly unless you'd like to base your life by this game's schedule. And even more sadly their paying people to play their game openly luuul
Early Access ReviewPlayed a lot before it got on steam. This recent update is utter crap. Instead of getting currency at the end of each match you have to put up with crate drops for progression. It's incredibly frustrating to have this kind of RNG crap as progression, and it makes building new designs take even longer than before.
Expansive Worlds could use some help from Fishing Planet, LLC when it comes to simulators like these. Fishing Planet is on Early Access (and free to play), and certainly has its own problems, much like theHunter, but is far more accessible even though there are a plethora of DLC. I wish Fishing Planet would pick up this game and overhaul it.The issue with theHunter is not that the gameplay isn't good. The gameplay is actually great. Tracking animals works like it should, animals get spooked properly, the shooting is nice, and surroundings are, while not visually brilliant, immersive.The issue is that the game is EXTREMELY gated behind paid subscriptions, which inevitably end up in you spending 100s of dollars. It's just not worth it to anyone other than BIG TIME hunting fans, who can't get their fix during the hunting season alone.
Early Access ReviewI was robocraft player for quite a while and I must say it has turned to♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its now COD but worse. Too much PAY TO WIN.Don't play this game. If u have it in your steam library uninstall it. You would be doing this world a favour.
The game has amazing potential, but the developers are completely disconnected from the community and most of the users have lost all hope. One of the absolute worst community management teams. Gaijin never fails to disappoint with each and every patch.
Nope. all wargaming gives players is A: idiots who can't shoot right and B: garbage teams. Wow wargaming. wow. I mean, seriously, this would NEVER happen in world of warships or WOT pc. I lost ten times even though I used SU100Y, SU76I, and MOST of the best premium tanks! If you're reading this, download at your own risk....... Wargaming will just troll you with sucky matchmaking.
Product received for freeEarly Access Review1 - You regenerate automatically. Medics are useless?2 - There's homing weapons apparently. Who needs aiming?3 - No variance in blocks (armor/weight?) Why be strategetic with your building?4 - No tiers. Because being a noob placed in the same room as pros is fun.5 - Multiple types of guns on the same robot. Screw classes, am I right?6 - 'Premium'Everyone is giant regenerating one-man-army boxes with no promotion of teamwork.tl;dr - This game is garbage. I heard a lot about it before, but clearly something happened before I got to it.
Early Access Reviewjanky as all living hell and not in a good way. The first person camera has your guy nearly the sight into his eyeball making it impossible to aim, and third person is no better with the reticle swinging all over the place. Even the charecter movement is pretty subpar. I know this was supposed to be a joke, but it has enough thought into it as a fart joke.
Early Access ReviewBless Online's publisher Neowiz pulled off the best bait of 2018 so far.This is as close to click bait you'll see from me but I promise there's a review in here somewhere.I'm not going to waste your time and explain who Shroud is, if you know who he is great, but for those that don't, context is a lot of gamers watch his streams, and thousands of them try and kill him everyday in something called "stream-sniping"So, the creators of Bless Online, allegedly(I've reached out to both Neowiz and Mr Shroud to see if this is true) paid him a handsome sum to play the game on launch day.His popularity sold copies of the game at a meteoric pace, suddenly servers began crashing and BLESS began to look like any other MMO launch an numerous players couldn't login for whatever reason.Here's the thing. These launch day jitters were actually disguising many core issues with the game players would have immediate noticed. The game wasn't new or actually in early access it was attempting it's third launch after failing twice to find an audience, without getting into tech specs and details I'll sum it up: The game runs horribly, features static combat with awkward controls, even after rebinding keys the combos still felt horrible. It felt forced and heavy handed.It's the gaming equivalent of "The Room" or "Troll 2". It wasn't even how bad it ran, it was the hilarious expectation for players to pay for an initial copy of the game, a subscription to the game($14.99 per month), and then micro-transactions you'd expect to find in a F2P mmo.All of this paired with a murky launch and intentional obfuscation, every gamer wants to PK Shroud while he's streaming. Led to Steam lifting it's usual refund policy and refunding any player who purchased the game refund it during the grace period.I gotta hand it to Neowiz, they picked the right streamer, they just pitched the wrong game. Attached are some of the funnier things about Bless. It had exactly one redeeming mechanic, you could tame and train mounts for almost all of the NPCs.Bless Online: 0.5 out of 10 (I officially have a WORST GAME EVER PLAYED)
Early Access ReviewI thought this game was good but i was so very wrong  it's the worstPro Good graphics Good Level designs Server browser Cons Overpowered weaponsany weapons in this game is a one shot kill which is unfair snipers are placed in Assualt riffles class i think these delvelpors should learn weapons classes first before making a shooterSpawn Kills You also spawn in the enemys spawnGame is a ripoff of counter strikeHackers aimbot and infiniie health
Early Access Review-Optimisation is very poor-End-game empty-Server unstable-Camera controls are......-UI is all over the place and laggy-Combat has latence on tapping the keysOnly good point is the game is not P2WYou can get better out of a F2P game than this, i cannot recommend it even if this was free
Early Access ReviewThis game is kinda crap now, When i first got it the gae was ok but now its bull. People wine and â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥ when germany wins a dam waar so they decide to weaken germany in every way. well we are weak now and the americans and russians are one shotting us and have OP weapons. still think germany is too OP well look what you did to russia and america. this game can go to hell for all i care
The game can't even connect to the Steam server, so I'm unable to play the game. Tried rebooting Steam.A game that bugs immediately and consistently and won't even let me play it, does not deserve a positive review. Especially since multiple users have reported the bug at the forums, but it's still isn't fixed.
Worst 'free to play' game I ever saw. If you want invest ~ € 200 you can enjoy this hardcore walking simulator. Seriously,even a concentration camp is more enjoyable than this game.
Game Took too long to instal and when i was done with the instal it launched the launcher i clicked play the loading screen came up and then it dissapered and never opened i waited 30min for it to open and it didnt so I uninstaled to get from main website and steam didnt get rid of all the files and i couldent find them all................... It wont instal the game watsoever now thx steam........ would not recomend steam Smite to others go download it from the officle website.
WOW ! Really i couldn't destroy this game better than this ! Every fun mechanic disapeared ! I like when you make something it doesn't always work, you need to make a functionnal design. Now everything is so simplified everything work ! You just need to make it beautifull... I loved the way you could make aircraft like you want with the manoeuvrability you want, but now whatever you do it's the same mechanic for every aircraft and it's so limited ! you can't roll over or anything it's just up and down a bit now ! WOW ! So boring ! Then the weapons got simplified too, now everything is pretty much the same with a different color and animation ! I really liked the old plasma guns, it was a burst weapon, shoot everything then wait 5 sec to reload ! Now everything is like the rifle: just aim and hold fire button to attack ! Then there is the matchmaking. Before, it was splitted by tier, not perfect but did the job. Now i don't know but you can be a small robot with low values pieces and you get matched like anything else, against powerfull robot that have everything unlocked ! Really unbalanced, plus now you can pay to win ! WOW !Conclusion : this game was something great with a construction that mattered and an interesting gameplay full of possibilities... Now it's just so simplified it's a boring game made for children that can pay to win. WOW GOOD JOB DEVS!
the bicycle and it's "kring - kring" things brought me to this game. if only this game was not a free-to-play it will be another great WWII game experience and i will pay for this game indeed. i'm enjoying this game seriously, it was just so annoying that we have to unlock this and that to gain full experience of the game.if you like WWII game (with full of patience to unlock stuff) and ride some bicycle in the middle of war, go on install this game. if dont, just dont
The combat system in this game is stupid... The visuals are not representative of what is actually determining the outcome of the combat.It is just time based like everything else in this game... Here is an example... If you have 2 people shooting at 3 radroaches the roaches will die at random times even when your people are not shooting at them... And your people will suffer damage overtime by the enemies just being in the room with them... The equipment and weapons you stick on your people just improve these times but there is no real combat even going on in this game.And this was what i thought the meat of the game could have been... But everything in this game is just timers timers timers... Nothing at all else... Not the combat or the exploration... building or relationships between your people... It is all just timers and randomness.Its lazy game design. 
There are a thousand more engaging and free games on Steam, and most of them don't require you to spend your paycheck just to beat another guy at popping balloons with monkeys. Mobile isn't much better, but makes more sense on a phone.
What a crap game for new players! Join game, get shot at spawn by snipers, wait 2 minutes to revive before being able to join again unless you pay. Screw that...uninstalled instead.
We lost dota with 7.00. Valve, u sold it to gays from lol or hots. Now I'll never return to dota. It's just because u destroyed one of the best games in history. Good bye, my good friend, my dota...
Early Access Review"matches you up fairly" yet there are homing missles that kill you in on hit and you cannot counter it in any way and it matches you up with level 50 when u are like level 5
Early Access ReviewWell the p2w is the last problem to have in game where u cant even get to queue for server.... I saw some failed lauched but Neowiz just pulled up next lvl fail.With one server strategy and completly wasted 2 day headstart....And refund problems.Even if u get to game its laggy and fps drops from basically everything even opening menu...They dont even talk with people anymore on medie looks like they run away with money...
So far my experience with this game has been a disaster.I have a great internet connection and yet some how I am having trouble connecting to their servers. I got to sign the Terms of service agreement three times because of this connection issue with their servers. I also got to play the tutorial three times because after completing the tutorial you go the loading screen. But here is the good part. When you finish the tutorial, the game crashes. Doesn't that sound like fun? When this crash occurs you don't get a checkpoint or save to say you completed the tutorial. I mean that makes too much sense. Instead, after you bring the game back up from its sudden crash you get to play the tutorial again and listen to the NPCs jabber on about the same BS. Great first impression Grey box.
Garbage, i spent over 5 hours in this bs and i regret all 5. Boring questing, piece of s**t combat system (non target is a joke, like not really funny joke), everything is kind of delayed, works terrible in general. Was b2p, is f2p, and soon 1st of november gonna be its big day each year.
Early Access ReviewOf all of the recently made card games, this one is by far the worst in terms of anger-inducing mechanics.  The key to victory in at least 50% of the games I play is being the player that doesn't get mana-screwed.  This leaves victory feeling hollow (I won because my opponent couldn't play anything) and defeat feeling frustrating (I had an answer to that card in my hand but I couldn't play it).  The only positive is the nostalgic feeling I get from playing a game similar to magic.  Unfortunately, the game has not tried to improve from magic at all.
WARNING this game just tried to install a Heuristic virus on my computer with the latest patch update!! Norton blocked it and said it was this location...  steamapps/common/newz/thenewz.exe threat name: trojan.gen.8  "VERY HIGH RISK"These developers should be banned for life from steam. SCUM!
Currently the game is no longer fun. Gaijin is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ over the entire community (unless your russian) and only see's us for the money in our wallet. We have been bring up, pointing out, and suggesting things to fix and make the game better but the game has only goten worse. The only thing that gaijin has done to make it seem like they 'might' pay any attention to what we say is the creation of the player counsel. However this counsel has as about as much power as a middle school student counsel. Oh, by the way, they are under a NDA which makes them completely worthless to begin with. An obvious and clear bias for russian players and vehicles has been present for years now with no desire of changing that from Gaijins part. The T-34-85 for example very rarely catches fire, explodes after getting its ammo racks hit repeatedly, and seems to have some kind of internal explosion dampener to lower the effects of any round that makes it inside the tank. There was recently a poll on their fourms started by players to change the battle ratting from a 1.0 spread between vehicles to .7. so for example tiger II's dont have to fight tanks from the korean war. Last i checked the poll was at about 3,100 for yes and ~30 for no. Gaijin has offically stated they will not change the BR system and that it is perfectly fine. Despiste this poll showing that we the players strongly disagree.If you insist on playing this game the only way you will have fun after about tier 3 is playing russian vehicles. Also on a observasional note, the amount of premium vehicles for russia is massively dispraportional to the other nations. Just saying, they seem to be paying more attention to (a) certain nation than others.As the game is i simply cannot reccomend you join and waste you'r money on a company that clearly has a negative bias to anything not russian. The only reason i have not stoped playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥completely is because there is no other alternative game that can reasonably compete with it.
I don't know what it is with this game, but it seems to hate my computer.  It crashed my last laptop, given it was 5 years old, and it almost crashed this one.  The game is alright, but I'd rather not pay another $500 to play it.
Early Access ReviewI have so many problems with this game, it's hard to know where to start. I think right at the beginning of EA when I logged on. Up until then, all of the information I had on the game said that there would be one megaserver, and additional channels added as necessary. I accepted the package with the collector's items on a character.I was very reluctant to do this, since I really only wanted to access the bonus cash shop currency and not the items/skins just yet, but I figured I would put them in my bank to transfer to other characters later. Sadly they were all in one bundle, and not individually redeemable.Turns out the bank isn't shared, and in fact their cash shop currency is entirely bound to one character, instead of accountwide like literally every other game. The whole purpose of getting the Collector's Edition was for the nice skins and great deal on cash shop currency. I intended to buy two costumes for different characters. I can't do that in this version, despite being absolutely possible in the japanese version of Bless.Within an hour or so, they added several new servers, and all of my friends and roleplay community split apart to another server. Of course I had to follow. I'd be making my lifelong home on Lilyanthes, as it was designated the unofficial roleplay server. I would have nothing left for me on Tanara.I put in a support ticket asking that my CE items be moved the character I made on the other server. It has been 17 days now. Half a month, and my tickets are still not answered. They made an announcement saying they will redistribute the skins and items, but not the cash shop currency.https://i.imgur.com/tGUupuF.jpgI have not been able to buy a costume on any of the characters I want to, because my currency is stuck on a character and realm I cannot play.I joined this game for the purpose of roleplaying with my friend, and even asked a Community Manager a week before the game came out if that would be supported, and he made it sound like it would be, or at least that it would be corrected if it wasn't. https://www.reddit.com/r/Bless/comments/8qg1rv/lmao_you_cant_even_try_to_make_your_own_fun_with/It is more than half a month later, and this known issue is only "aware of" but not being fixed. It is not hard for them to input a higher value of allowed characters. I get the impression that they never will.I've tried to be patient. I've tried to be hopeful. Most of the hours on my steam are from character creation to pass the time as I cannot enjoy any of the buggy, unoptimized and missing content, or get a chance to roleplay. My highest level character is only 23. I implore you to allow a refund, because they are not even giving me the items and cash currency of the package, let alone the opportunity to roleplay while I wait for major gameplay fixes.
Another edit and this time i'll make it short.The game is officially dying.Gaijin never bothered about the players , it was just about the money.People will say that there's no "russian bias" nor "RNG bias". They're just blind fanboys. Its Russian biased and most of all. Luck biased. Skills barely rewards. Speaking of balance, there is NONE, its gone. Forever. Forget about this game. If you want a realistic multiplayer game , Aces high 2 , or DCS world. Done. Forget about this heresy gaijin pulled it out of vodka bottle.
Early Access ReviewThis game is literally a cuckolds dream! It was the worst experience in my whole ♥♥♥♥ing life, to the devs who made this literally kill yourselves in the worst way imaginable. :^)
Product received for freeEarly Access Reviewthe game was amzing was lvl100 had all items unlocked and now the update come my millions of credits gone replaced by something i have no idea how to earn
Early Access ReviewThis is a really difficult review to make as i have had many fun hours in this game. MY biggest problem in the game is the complete disregard for the balance and the repair mechanic.1. you make tanks way too valuable to hunt down while an infantry unit can chuck two at grenades at your tiger 2 for about 600 credits they will earn 2000 while you spent about 4000 credits spawning it in.2. american tanks the american tanks are overall unbalanced in every sense of the word in the light tank class you have the chaffy with a 75 mm tank destroyer gun that 2 shots all other light tanks and can go toe to toe with medium tanks.then you have the hellcat the only tank destroyer with a rotating turret and once again two shots all mediums and all other tank destroyers oh its also the fastest tank in the game so its the only tank immune to at grenades.3. repairing just shouldnt be a thing yes you want to make money reto but you could just reduce the amount someone earns overall rather than leaving the potential for someone to lose money that match. snipers are really hurt by having to pay around 200-300 per bullet they fire.4. nearly forgot this one, spawncamping americans love doing this since all spawns are fixed teams can just sit at these spawns and instakill newly spawned players costing tankers 1000s of credits per game.But heres the thing even with all those problems Heroes and generals is an enjoyable game but is it worth getting into i would say yes if your looking for something thats fun for a bit but loses traction quickly .just one request of new players please be kind to tankers they have it rough and really please dont play american just play russia or germany. I will still have to give this game a negative review because of all of these problems outweighing the potential fun.
Once I got bored of the obvious inspiration from Facebook games such as Farmville and the generally poor controls for intended gameplay, my friends and I set out on our quest to break the game. So, logically, we climbed out of a massive hole int he mountain and got outside the map. The trees in the outside were much better then the ones inside I might add. So, if this was a mountaineering simulator, 10/10. Otherwise.....maybe look elsewhere.
The game was okay to play. It's just like every other zombie shoot 'n' loot game out there. But this one just feels so much more bland. It's full of hackers (And i'm not kidding) Look the hacks up on Youtube... it's disgusting. The mechanics are pretty bad.  it gets boring veeeeeery quick. This is why I stopped playing it. I don't recommend this game at all. It's also massively let down by pay to win. The entire game is basically revolved around it.
Early Access ReviewEither they launched with a bad build, or it's almost impossible to tell what they've been doing for the past few years. - Poor optimzation (I had to fix my own ini files)- Poor localization and translations that any semi-native speaker would have corrected immediately- Action combat is missing from all but one class, and the Berserker that does have it has control issues when loot pops up- Missing tons of end gameIt's just missing everything they claimed this would have. Would avoid like the plague until patched and the recent reviews come through more postive
oh boy... took me 2 hours to dawnload and not woth it! dont get this game it says its free but you need to buy all of the stuff in the game!!! its so not worth it!!!! hey whant to play with your frends NO YOU CANT YOU NEED MEMBERSHIP!!!! but... there is one thing good abaud this game.. the uninstall buten works just fine then why not the game?! but all im saying do NOT DAWNLOAD THIS GAME!!! HEAR MY WARNING!!! DO NOT DAWNLOAD THIS GAME!!!!
Early Access ReviewTrash. It's a MTG clone made worse with a 75 card deck minimum. Oh, they also managed to make it look like Hearthstone. They like to boast that it was designed by MTG pros. Which is funny, because it's almost cut and paste from MTG mechanics. So yeah, great job pros. They managed to steal the resource system from Hex though, so at least they shopped around.The only reason this game has positive reviews is because of the F2P system. Everyone loves free @#$% right? Quality isn't an issue then. If you want a better game with a fair F2P model that actually takes some skill (unlike this screw/flood garbage game) go spend your time with Faeria. If you want quick matches and a fair F2p system try Shadowverse. If you want to waste your time with a game that amounts to tossing a coin to see if you win or lose (screw/flood) play this.If you want to play MTG, don't bother with cheap imitations like this.Edit: Recently the Devs went to the subreddit to whine above negative reviews and begged everyone there to post positive reviews on the game. Which is why it recently shot up from mixed  to positive. Funny stuff.
this premuim game is so demanding for a low end pc like mine but ends up being a pile of wank. i ran for 30 mins straight to get shot by some camping fat ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the head and die instantly!!!! THIS GAME SHOULDNT EVEN BE A THING COZ ITS SO ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥
Early Access ReviewGame has/had malware called redshell. , Check it by searching for Redshell.dll in Steam folder on your disc. More info can be found here: https://www.reddit.com/r/Steam/comments/8pud8b/psa_red_shell_spyware_holy_potatoes_were_in_space/Besides that BS, the game itself is average. Clones MTG and Hearthstone, but makes it bland. The art is nice but the lack of orginality in Story and enviornment is a major con. Current META is ok. Could be better by having more than 3 decks. Singleplayer grinding is fun for a while until you hit the fact that certain tier 1 cards are locked behind paywalls. 
Early Access ReviewThis was my favorite game of all time at one point, but continuous drastic changes took the game from being the best I'd ever played to one of the worst.If you try the game and like the current state, don't trust the developers to keep it that way for more than a month before they try some crazy new system that changes the feel of the game completely.
Absolutely not recommended. Extremely difficult for newcomers to progress, tons of mindless grinding, and with the newest update, content is locked behind a paywall. Don't even bother with this game.
Early Access ReviewAfter more then year of patching and updating, game become worster then before. Totally unbalanced, stealth kills, instakills with shotguns, spaming snipers and now not properly tested propellers. All that make game unplayable. Ther is no fun at all anymore. No strategy and tactics.Developers completely lost...
Early Access ReviewThe new updated ruined it all, First of all, the old leveling system was way better, now you can just buy whatevs u want.+ The game keeps crashing. What im trying to say is: Dont waste your time on this,(Edit: Thanks for the 100%% helpful! i don't even know what's so great about this review xD)(Edit: I'm starting to like this game again.)
Can't reccomend this game. After months of trying to beat the campaign I have to give up. I cannnot progress without spending money and the campaign bosses actively cheat/have scripted cards that you cannot seem to defend against. If you just want to have a time waster to play without investing money and playing only multiplayer do not waste your time on this game. Maybe i'd change my tune if they gave you a single player arena to fight AI decks without having to pay $1.99 every time you want to have a break from losing endlessly on the campaign.
I downloaded this game, not because I'm familiar with How to Train Your Dragon, but because the description reminded me of a game I hadn't played in nearly two decades call Dragonseeds for the Playstation 1. I came into this, not even thinking that it was possible for a game to be released nowadays with graphics that are on par with a SIXTEEN year old game.Not to mention this pay system. Twenty minutes into the game and you'll already have a large flashing button on the UI telling you that you have 10 days to pay for a starter pack, and thats not even the first thing behind gems you come in contact with. When you have to pick an egg for your future dragon, the ones not even two steps away from where you start, are locked for members only.You want a cool dragon? $5 please.You want to skip the tutorial? $5 please.You want to have a second character slot? Membership pleaseYou want a third character? More money pleaseFourth? CashFifth? EVEN MORE MOOLAH
I'm a long time player whit multiple accounts.This review is not about the game itself (which is great). It's about EW business model and how they are greedy.Some companies choose to sell a full game at a full price and then charge for DLCs (Guns, equipment, cloth bundles etc…) separately. Other companies prefer to make monthly subscription system; you will pay monthly to have access to a full content game. Both are okay. However, some greedy companies like EW choose to do both at the same time whit the same game. Of course, nobody is forcing you to pay, but you will have a limited experience even subscribing monthly. You subscribe monthly and then you need to pay for every single piece of equipment you want, if you want to have a full experience. It isn’t monthly subscription enough? If you can pay for it, it is okay. Or if you content yourself by subscribing and playing whit only 2 or 3 guns whit no cool equipment. It's a game for rich people. A money Wormhole.They want your last cents. Don't be fooled by fanboys and their stupid arguments about "F2P" and how this game is "cheap".
The game itself is still fairly solid, but the majority of its playerbase is just so offensively, horribly bad that it makes actually playing it completely and utterly unfun. Matchmaking was SUPPOSED to fix this, but it lacks any sort of placement matches. This has resulted in me, a player with over 3300 hours who has been playing since the Pyro update in 2008, consistently being matched with squeaker, 3rd-world, 6 year olds with toasters for computers who have been playing for 20 minutes. And there's no way I can escape them. I think, even if there is a future update that fixes this, this here whale is done with TF2 simply because it's just been more frustrating than fun, and it's burnt me out for good.Unless you are one of said 6 year olds (in which case, go for your life, you cancerous little cyst), I can not recommend this game anyone anymore.
I dont usually write reviews but this is a game that I played really much because I enjoy the genre and tried many games in it to compare DotA 2 with. Basically in terms of speed DotA 2, along with Strife (which is basically DotA 2 in graphics style of LoL with a pet+item system which you can level up by playing) is average, so if you think a MOBA should be slower you should try League of Legends and if you think it should be faster you should try Heroes of Newerth. If you are looking for an alternative that is less knowledge based you should probably try Heroes of the Storm, since you dont have to learn as many item effects.DotA 2 in a "nutshell" after ~2400h of playtime:-New players (if interested in cosmetic items) will have to visit the shop now because game drops have become so incredibly rare that it has become hilarious.-IF you buy item chests in the shop and dont get the set you bought it for, you can't sell the items since volvo put a trade+market cooldown (2 months I think) on every new item that gets released (yay!) so if you dont want to spend money until you have each possible drop from that single chest (RNG is strong in this one) you're better off waiting until the desired item is marketable and then buy it off the market.-Volvo greed simulator: The old loot system, in which you could acutally gain items after a game ,for DotA 2 profile levels, and a leveling chest you had in your inventory (which could be opened every few profile levels and contained a new chest to open later) was successfully reworked into greed-mode. The chances to get ANY items after a game are as low as getting a legendary (or higher) before. Sure they drop ENTIRE sets now, but most of them are common to rare, which overall is still less rewards than before if you add up singe items and put them up against the set drop chance now in both, item quantity AND value. Maybe you should try some "never change a running system" in this particular function.-Mostly developer/support abandoned game. the new content this game releases is mostly made by the community since the hero sets are workshop based and hero releases/patches are just really really rare. Special events are mostly the same every year and the report system is most likely 100% count-based/not reviewed by support employées (for example if you express your annoyance towards...lets say russians...for not being able to communicate in english on EU servers, you will most likely end up muted because out of the 10 players in a EU game 3 (probably more) are most likely russian and will report you for speaking english)-These days russian-infested to the max...8/10 games you play will result in eyecancer due to russian chatspam, even though they have their own servers(!) because its way cooler to go to international servers and spam your native language, thanks volvo for letting that happen! maybe one day the EU servers will be renamed into russia 2 and russia 3 and the actual EU will have to play on american servers after all :D*EDIT*-In addition to the listed issues, the game servers are now absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ 1/4-1/5 of the games crash and are not counted due to connection issues with the servers, great job of making it even worse when ppl thought that wasn't possible...Conclusion: If you want to play a game in which you get rewarded for playing (in terms of cosmetic effects and/or profile progression) this probably is not the right choice anymore, because as stated you don't get level rewards or similar stuff anymore, just REALLY rare item drops (probably in the 0,2% range). If you want to blow off some steam with trolling other players, spamming your native language while being sure nobody will be able to understand you this might probably be YOUR gamechoice #1. The community these days is mostly toxic and troll based so this is NOT your game for some serious gametime (at least not in solo matchmaking).I didnt check the other games these days but the community in HoN was much more friendly and less russian.In my personal opinion DotA 2 isn't playable solo anymore because there is too few games where you can actually play properly, without being annoyed by trolls or russians...Gameplay/Balance: 9/10Community: 2,5/10Rewards System: 1/10
This has to be the worst racing game ive ever played and i played alot of them. steering is the problem. car wont go in a straight line with or without accelerating. turn slightly and the car keeps going that direction. its like the track rods are loose on the car . ive tried control pad and steering wheel. no matter what i do i cant get it to full 900degrees steering stuck at 200 and the input from my steering wheel doesnt match the input ingame. dont get me started on the force feedback there is none the wheel just constantly vibrates. plus play for free my♥♥♥♥♥♥you would get more in a demo. stay clear from this game.
Early Access Reviewi love this game but unfortunatley every time i try to play the tutorial the game starts and then it crashes hopefully they fix this issue in the full release. sometimes it doesnt even let you start the game
1. no same tier matchmaking ( usually getting up busted with higher tier enemy )2. unfair terrain at start or base location3. noob teammates4. afk teammates5. there is no action from developer to ban or kick those game ruiner player6. its useless to buy anything if the devs arent watching the player. how can i interested to buy a bundle or anything if when i play, i just getting busted again and again, and the teammates are noob and afk. 6 teammates or more, and 3 -4 of them afk.
If you want to play a game that actually challenges you I suggest you go for the real deal instead of whatever the heck this rubbish is. This game purely relies purely on luck which if you ask me is pretty boring.
Walked for one hour real time, most i saw of the wildlife was a rat and some butterflys... Even if i did see something bigger I probably wouldn't havbe had a "license" to shoot it. O and ftp you say? Yeeeaaahhh no... This is not a hunting simulator, just as the player tags say this is a walking simulator, if you want to experience poor graphics with repetative bird sounds be my guest,  but if you want to sit and wait for an hour or two to shoot a rat then this is the game for you. In other words if your looking for any kind of action don't come here.
Early Access ReviewI recommend trying but not investing very much time or money in this flawed product.Good game but the shuffling algorithm is absolute trash. You WILL get games where you don’t draw any mana at all for multiple turns no matter how many you have in the deck. The response from most people is “that’s variance and it’s good for the game”. The problem is this happens WAY too often, as in frustratingly often. It happens so often I have contemplated uninstalling the game multiple times. However, I have the sunken costs fallacy in full effect, I have spent money and time so I don’t want to see a waste in my investment. I suffer on but quit my session shortly after starting due to these failures almost every time, frustrated in such wasted potential from an otherwise fun game.I would recommend people try this game but with the deck variance being so extreme compiled with a clearly terrible shuffling algorithm you will get a VERY large amount of non-games (games with no mana for you or the opponent, equaling an automatic loss for that party).
Early Access ReviewI have been playing this game for hundreds of hours now starting before it was even published on steam. The original map was well balanced and fund to play with awesome drops and an all around good experience. With the way the game has evolved I feel as if it is moving in the wrong direction. This game was fun and unique with little to no BS. This latest update makes it just as bad as the rest, a pay to play game. other then the BS season pass crap, the no more free crates, and having to purchase credits in order to get new crapy gear...the game is fun to play and i hope they add new maps like the original new guns are travel methods would be dope to see. Sad to see this game get ruined by BS pay to play for character skins... if they need more money then set a pay wall for the game to at least keep the game clean of hackers. they admitted to banning 2k players a day and this number will grow with the increase interest of the game.
Would 100% Not recommend. The fact they keep the name "Infestation" Trying to revive it, yet have all the spawns in the same spot, server transfered loot, a useless spawn protection, and Ingame purchases that overpower your character says Everything. I died 10 times in a row, each time lasting no more than 3 minutes alive each time. Most of those times no more than 30 seconds. Spawn in, run until your spawn protection runs out, which is about 10 seconds, and then get hammered by snipers and rifles hiding all over the place. Loot is terrible, gameplay is lackluster, and its overall nothing better than the old Infestation games. Theyve done 1 good thing. MLG Anticheat. Theyve done MANY bad things. ^ Forget this game, and don't even bother touching it with a 100 foot stick. This game is Garbage, and i refuse to download, or spend any more money on this devs, titles, or games.
